A 117-year-old woman in Mexico City finally received her birth certificate, and died a few hours later. Trinidad Alvarez Lira had waited years for proof that she had been born in 1898.
IMF chief backs Athens as permanent Olympic host
The president of France says if Brexit won, so can Donald Trump ppp qqq
British Man Who Must Give Police 24 Hours' Notice of Sex Threatens Hunger Strike: The man is the subject of a sexual risk order despite having never been convicted of a crime.
100+ Nobel laureates urge Greenpeace to stop opposing GMOs
Brazil: Huge spike in number of police killings in Rio ahead of Olympics
Austria's highest court annuls presidential election narrowly lost by right-wing candidate.
Facebook wins privacy case, can track any Belgian it wants: Doesn't matter if Internet users are logged into Facebook or not
Switzerland denies Muslim girls citizenship after they refuse to swim with boys at school: The 12- and 14-year-old will no longer be considered for naturalised citizenship because they have not complied with the school curriculum, authorities in Basel said
China kills millions of innocent meditators for their organs, report finds
France Cracks Down on Factory Farms - A viral video campaign has moved the govt to act. In footage shared widely online, animals writhe in pain as they bleed to death or are dismembered, in violation of rules requiring they be rendered unconscious before slaughter.
Abbas PLO Faction Calls Killer of 13-Year-Old American-Israeli Girl a Martyr
Taiwanese warship accidentally fires missile towards China
Iran celebrates American Human Rights Week, mocks U.S. rights record
U.N. panel moves to curb bias against L.G.B.T. people despite fierce resistance from Muslim and African countries.
The United States has placed Myanmar, Uzbekistan, Sudan and Haiti on its list of worst human trafficking offenders.
S&amp;P revises European Union credit rating to 'AA' from 'AA+'
India gets $1 billion loan from World Bank for solar mission
U.S. sailors detained by Iran spoke too much under interrogation: Navy
Mass fish kill in Vietnam solved as Taiwan steelmaker accepts responsibility for pollution
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte urges people to kill drug addicts | Duterte, 71, won power in a landslide after a campaign dominated by threats to kill tens of thousands in a war on crime
Spain arrests three Pakistanis accused of promoting militancy
Venezuela, where anger over food shortages is still mounting, continued to be roiled this week by angry protests and break-ins of grocery stores and businesses that have left five dead, at least 30 injured and 200 arrested, according to various news reports.
A Hindu temple worker has been killed by three men on a motorcycle, local police have said. More than 40 people have been killed in attacks blamed on Islamist militants in Bangladesh since February 2013, including secular bloggers, academics, gay rights activists and members of religious minorities.
Ozone layer hole seems to be healing - US &amp; UK team shows it's shrunk &amp; may slowly recover. "If you had to have an ozone hole anywhere in the world, it'd be Antarctica because its not teeming with life. It showed us if we didnt back off with these chemicals, wed have a crisis."
Jamaica proposes marijuana dispensers for tourists at airports following legalisation: The kiosks and desks would give people a license to purchase up to 2 ounces of the drug to use during their stay
Stephen Hawking says pollution and 'stupidity' still biggest threats to mankind: we have certainly not become less greedy or less stupid in our treatment of the environment over the past decade
Boris Johnson says he will not run for Tory party leadership
Six gay men in Ivory Coast were abused and forced to flee their homes after they were pictured signing a condolence book for victims of the recent attack on a gay nightclub in Florida
Switzerland denies citizenship to Muslim immigrant girls who refused to swim with boys: report
Palestinian terrorist stabs israeli teen girl to death in her bedroom
Puerto Rico will default on $1 billion of debt on Friday
Republic of Ireland fans to be awarded medal for sportsmanship by Paris mayor.
Afghan suicide bomber 'kills up to 40' - BBC News
US airstrikes kill at least 250 ISIS fighters in convoy outside Fallujah, official says
Turkish Cop Who Took Down Istanbul Gunman Hailed a Hero
Cannabis compounds could treat Alzheimer's by removing plaque-forming proteins from brain cells, research suggests
Japan's top court has approved blanket surveillance of the country's Muslims: 'They made us terrorist suspects, we never did anything wrong,' says Japanese Muslim, Mohammed Fujita
CIA Gave Romania Millions to Host Secret Prisons
Groups urge U.N. to suspend Saudi Arabia from rights council
Googles free wifi at Indian railway stations is better than most of the countrys paid services
Mounting evidence suggests 'hobbits' were wiped out by modern humans' ancestors 50,000 years ago.
The men who carried out Tuesday's terror attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport were from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, a Turkish offical said.
Calls to suspend Saudi Arabia from UN Human Rights Council because of military aggresion in Yemen
More Than 100 Nobel Laureates Call Out Greenpeace For Anti-GMO Obstruction In Developing World
British pedophile sentenced to 85 years in US for trafficking child abuse images: Domminich Shaw, a kingpin of sexual violence against children, sent dozens of images online and discussed plans to assault and kill a child while on probation
US permitted 1,200 offshore fracks in Gulf of Mexico between 2010 and 2014 and allowed 72 billion gallons of chemical discharge in 2014.
We will be swimming in ridicule - French beach police to carry guns while in swimming trunks: Police lifeguards on Frances busiest beaches will carry guns and bullet-proof vests for the first time this summer amid fears that terrorists could target holidaymakers.
UEFA says no minutes of silence for Istanbul victims at Euro 2016 because 'Turkey have already been eliminated'
Law Enforcement Sources: Gun Used in Paris Terrorist Attacks Came from Phoenix
Explosion At Airport In Istanbul
Yemeni former president: Terrorism is the offspring of Wahhabism of Al Saud regime
UK must accept freedom of movement to access EU Market
Devastated: scientists too late to captive breed mammal lost to climate change - Australian conservationists spent 5 months obtaining permissions &amp; planning for a captive breeding program. But when they arrived on the rodents tiny island, they they were too late.
British Labor Party leader Jeremy Corbyn loses a no-confidence vote but refuses to resign
A Muslim Shop in the UK Was Just Firebombed While People Were Inside
Mexican Authorities Sexually Torture Women in Prison
UK shares and pound continue to recover
Iceland historian Johannesson wins presidential election
99-Million-Yr-Old Bird Wings Found Encased in Amber - Finding things trapped in amber is far from rare. But when researchers in Burma found a pair of tiny bird-like wings frozen inside, they knew they had something special.
A chatbot programmed by a British teenager has successfully challenged 160,000 parking tickets since its launch last year.
The Philippine president-elect said Monday he would aggressively promote artificial birth control in the country even at the risk of getting in a fight with the dominant Catholic church, which staunchly opposes the use of contraceptives.
Former Belgian Prime Minister ridicules Nigel Farage and accuses Ukip leader of lying in EU referendum campaign
Brexiteer Nigel Farage To EU: 'You're Not Laughing Now, Are You?'
Islamic State bombings in southern Yemen kill 38 people
Escape Tunnel, Dug by Hand, Is Found at Holocaust Massacre Site
The land under Beijing is sinking by as much as four inches per year because of the overconsumption of groundwater, according to new research.
Car bomb and Anti-Islamic attack on Mosque in Perth, Australia
Emaciated lions in Taiz Zoo are trapped in blood-soaked cages and left to starve for months due to the Yemeni civil war
Rupert Murdoch describes Brexit as 'wonderful'. The media mogul likened leaving the EU to a prison break and shared his view of Donald Trump as a very able man.
More than 40 killed in Yemen suicide attacks
Google Found Disastrous Symantec and Norton Vulnerabilities That Are 'As Bad As It Gets
Extremist violence on the rise in Germany: Domestic intelligence agency says far-right, far-left and Islamist radical groups gaining membership in country
BBC News: Labour MPs pass Corbyn no-confidence motion
Tiny New Zealand town with 'too many jobs' launches drive to recruit outsiders
2,500 Scientists To Australia: If You Want To Save The Great Barrier Reef, Stop Supporting Coal
The personal details of 112,000 French police officers have been uploaded to Google Drive in a security breach just a fortnight after two officers were murdered at their home by a jihadist.
S&amp;P cuts United Kingdom sovereign credit rating to 'AA' from 'AAA'
Huge helium deposit found in Africa
CEO of the South African state broadcaster quits shortly after negative news about president is banned.
Brexit cost investors $2 trillion, the worst one day drop ever
Hong Kong democracy activists call for return to British rule as first step to independence
Brexit: Iceland president says UK can join 'triangle' of non-EU countries
UK's Osborne: 'Absolutely' going to have to cut spending, raise taxes
'Do not let Scotland down now' : Scottish MEP Alyn Smith has urged members of the European Parliament to stand by his country following the UK referendum on EU membership.
British pound could hit history-making dollar parity by end of 2016
Merkel vows to strengthen EU, tells UK no 'cherry-picking'
"Ryanair will not deploy new aircraft on routes to and from the UK [United Kingdom] next year [2017], following the Brexit vote, and will instead focus on the European Union [EU]."
People, ever more greedy and stupid, destroy the world - Stephen Hawking to Larry King
Siemens freezes new UK wind power investment following Brexit vote
US, Canada and Mexico pledge 50% of power from clean energy by 2025
There is increasing evidence that Australia is torturing refugees, medical experts claim
Richard Branson, the founder of Virgin Group, said Tuesday that the company has lost about a third of its value since the U.K. voted to leave the European Union last week.
37,000-yr-old skull from Borneo reveals surprise for scientists - Study of the "Deep Skull" - oldest modern human discovered in SE Asia - reveals this ancient person was not related to Indigenous Australians, as originally thought. "Our discovery is a game changer."
Palestinians stone Western Wall worshipers; police shut Temple Mount to non-Muslims
Jean-Claude Juncker asks Farage: Why are you here?
"Romanians for Remainians" offering a new home to the 48% of Britons who voted to stay in the EU | Bucharest newspaper's app connects loving Romanian families with needy Brits, allowing people to offer to help would-be immigrants apply for a Romanian ID
Brexit: Gibraltar in talks with Scotland to stay in EU
8 Suicide Bombers Strike Lebanon
Mexico's security forces routinely use 'sexual torture' against women: Rights group Amnesty International has compiled testimonies of sexual violence used as torture by Mexican security forces. Despite thousands of complaints, only 15 probes have led to criminal convictions since 1991.
Barclays and RBS shares suspended from trading after tanking more than 8%
Pope says Church should ask forgiveness from gays for past treatment
Poland 'shocked' by xenophobic abuse of Poles in UK
There will be no second referendum, cabinet agrees
Scotland welcome to join EU, Merkel ally says
Sterling dips below Friday's 31-year low amid Brexit uncertainty
No negative news about South African President allowed on state broadcaster.
Surge in Hate Crimes in the U.K. Following U.K.s Brexit Vote
Weapons shipped into Jordan by the CIA and Saudi Arabia intended for Syrian rebels have been systematically stolen by Jordanian intelligence operatives and sold to arms merchants on the black market, according to American and Jordanian officials
Angela Merkel said the U.K. must file exit papers with the European Union before talks can begin
In a birth offering hope to a threatened species, an aquarium in Osaka, Japan, has succeeded in artificially breeding a southern rockhopper penguin for the first time in the world.
Sky News Journalist Left Speechless As Leave MP Tells Him 'There Is No Plan'
Giant panda in Macau gives birth to twins
Get out now: EU leader tells Britain it must invoke Article 50 on Tuesday
Sea turtle 'beaten and left for dead' on beach by people taking selfies: Loggerhead sea turtle receiving treatment after it was beaten with sticks and stepped on in Lebanon
German lawyers to probe Erdogan over alleged war crimes
Boris Johnson says the UK will continue to "intensify" cooperation with the EU and tells his fellow Leave supporters they must accept the 52-48 referendum win was "not entirely overwhelming".
Richard Branson is calling on the UK government to hold a second EU referendum to prevent 'irreversible damage' to the country.
Turkey 'sorry for downing Russian jet'
Edward Snowden lawyer vows new push for pardon from Obama
Brexit opinion poll reveals majority don't want second EU referendum: "half (48%) of British adults say that they are happy with the result, with two in five (43%) saying they are unhappy with the outcome."
Conservative MP Leave Campaigner: "The leave campaign don't have a post-Brexit plan..."
Economists predict UK recession, further weakening of Pound following Brexit.
New EU 'superstate plan by France, Germany: Creating a European superstate limiting the powers of individual members following Britains referendum decision to leave the EU
Pakistani clerics declare transgender marriages legal under Islamic law
Authorities raid 14 Scientology offices in Russia in money laundering probe
Pope Francis uses the term 'genocide' to describe Armenian massacre during visit to memorial: Pontiff veers off prepared speech to directly refer to the massacre as a genocide
Vladimir Putin Says Brexit Caused by British Politicians 'Arrogance'
Poll puts support for Scottish independence at 59%
Brexit: Expats denied say in EU referendum due to missing postal votes demand re-run after scandal is revealed
The petition to redo the Brexit referendum that now has over 3 million signatures was actually started by a Leave backer who thought Remain was gonna win
Historian Gudni Johannesson has claimed victory in Icelands presidential election. The new president said his first job would be to fly to France to support his country's team against England on Monday.
Nigel Farage has said Britain is heading for a mild recession but says it has nothing to do with Brexit. The victorious Leave campaigner rejected warnings that leaving the European Union would have dire consequences for the UK economy, even as markets were rocked by Thursdays result.
Iraq takes 'last IS bastion in Falluja'
Liberal Democrats pledge to ignore referendum result and keep Britain in the EU
Nigerian Army announces rescue of 5000 Boko Haram hostages
The United Nations issued a strongly worded statement on Friday warning that any attempt by the European Union to bypass national parliaments to push through controversial trade deals would violate international human rights norms and standards.
UK food prices set to rise after Brexit vote - Plunging pound and Britains reliance on imports will mean higher prices, says farmers leader
Prices have increased by 14,000%-19,000% in four years in Venezuela
No chance of a second referendum, says Britain's top elections expert
Nicola Sturgeon says Scottish Parliament could veto Brexit after EU referendum
Labour MP David Lammy has called on Parliament to "stop this madness" and to vote against the referendum decision to leave the EU.
Peru's state energy company has reported an oil spill in a tributary of Amazon, third major one this year and 21st in last five years, raising fears of yet more pollution of the water and fish on which indigenous villages and riverside communities depend.
HSBC 'to move jobs to Paris if UK leaves single market'
A coral reef plea letter was sent to the Prime Minister of Australia by an international group of coral reef scientists on Saturday, concerning the health of the Great Barrier Reef, and the fossil fuel consumption of the country.
Post Office in Northern Ireland reports 'unusually high number of people' seeking Irish passports
"I don't believe it is right that I should carry on as the British commissioner as though nothing had happened," Britain's representative on the EU executive in Brussels, Jonathan Hill, resigns
Remains of a mammoth uncovered near Mexico City
Sturgeon says pre-referendum UK 'no longer exists'
Thousands of London banking job cuts to start next week as contingency plans kick in
Six weeks before the Rio Olympics, the lab handling all drug testing for the Games has been suspended by world anti-doping officials
Global stock markets lost $2 trillion in value after Britain voted to leave the European Union
Brexit: How to move to Canada trends in U.K. after European Union vote - National
Brexit: Anger over 'Bregret' as Leave voters say they wanted 'protest vote' and thought UK would stay in EU
Petition for second EU referendum reaches 1,000,000 signatures.
Worlds 400 Richest People Lose $127 Billion on Brexit
Iceland is voting in a presidential election which a historian with no experience of public office is favourite to be win.
Dozens of bomb sniffing dogs 'killed by American security company in Kuwait after its contract with oil firm ended'
Thousands sign petition for London to become independent and rejoin the EU
Scotland to begin talks with EU 'immediately' as plans for second independence vote underway already
Brexit: Most Young voters where pro-EU but never got around to voting.
"France today told Britain to appoint a new prime minister within 'a few days' and to immediately quit the EU [European Union] by soon triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty."
Election in Iceland today, 10% of population is in France
Scotland will likely seek independence for a second time this decade after the historic vote for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union, Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said Friday.
Nigel Farage Admits 350m Saving For NHS In EU Contributions Slogan Was A Mistake
London markets lose $164B in 600 seconds
Cornwall votes for Brexit but doesn't want to lose its millions in EU subsidies
Pope Francis describes mass killing of Armenians in Turkey as 'genocide'
German foreign minister urges EU not to 'go looking for revenge' on UK: 'We have to accept the decision that was made'
Thousands rally in Australia for same-sex marriage
Cornwall votes for Brexit and then pleads to keep EU funding
Brexit: Moody's downgrades UK's credit outlook from 'stable' to 'negative' | Business News | News
Brexit: Britain's most senior EU official resigns after UK vote to leave
The murdered Labour M.P. Jo Cox's constituency voted to leave the European Union
Brexit will turn Berlin into 'Europes startup capital'
David Cameron to Resign as PM After EU Referendum
BBC forecasts UK votes to Leave the European Union
Nicola Sturgeon says a second independence referendum for Scotland is "now highly likely"
It's official. Britain votes to leave the European Union.
World's Largest Tibetan Buddhist Institute Ordered to be Demolished by Chinese Government
Not a single place in Scotland voted to leave the EU...
Rich Getting Richer at the Expense of the Poor, Oxfam Warns
Spanish minister calls for Gibraltar to be returned to Spain on back of Brexit vote
British Pound drops nearly 5% in minutes following strong results for leave campaign in Newcastle
J.K. Rowling leads the charge for Scottish independence after UK votes for Brexit
Buenos Aires zoo to close after 140 years: 'Captivity is degrading' - Mayor Horacio Rodrguez Larreta said that the zoos 2,500 animals will be gradually moved to nature reserves in Argentina which can provide a more suitable environment.
Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister calls for poll on united Ireland after Brexit
Polls close | Brexit polling day as it happened
Brexit: Petition for second EU referendum so popular the government site's crashing | UK | News
North Korea printing massive amounts of fake Chinese currency, defectors say
Sinn Fein calls for a referendum on Irish reunification after Brexit
$70 billion wiped off the Australian sharemarket as a result of Brexit.
Nigel Farage disowns Vote Leave '350m for the NHS' pledge hours after result
Top EU leader: we want Britain out as soon as possible
Nigel Farage: 350 million pledge to fund the NHS was a 'big mistake'.Captions such as "Let's give our NHS the 350 million the EU takes every week" and "We send the EU 350 million a week, let's fund our NHS instead" were stamped on Vote Leave campaign material.
Thousands of London banking job cuts to start next week
Google says there was a large spike in searches for Irish passport applications as news broke
EU referendum; Gibraltar backs Remain with 94% in first result of the night
After Brexit, U.K. Residents Google 'What Is The EU?'
A Turkish man has been found guilty of insulting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for depicting him as the Gollum character from the Lord of the Rings. A court in the south-western Antalya province gave Rifat Cetin a suspended one-year jail sentence and stripped him of parental custody rights.
Today The United Kingdom decides whether to remain in the European Union, or leave
E-cigarettes should not be banned in public, medical experts warn: 'A ban on using e-cigarettes in public places could be damaging, as it may put off smokers from using e-cigarettes to help them quit,' says Rosanna O'Connor from Public Health England
Report: China is still harvesting organs from prisoners
Man opens fire at cinema complex in Germany, several people wounded  report
Erdoan: Europe, you dont want us because were Muslim
Asian millionaires now control more wealth than those in North America, Europe and other regions
A Japanese porn industry association has apologised and promised reform, amid allegations women are being forced to perform sex acts on film.
University students are being warned when classes contains graphic or sensitive content, including sexual abuse, rape and transgenderism, to protect their mental health. Australian academics are issuing so-called "trigger warnings" for confronting material in classrooms.
Afghan interpreters 'betrayed' by UK and US
Contagious cancer cells are spreading between different animals and even different species in the sea, according to new research which raises the prospect of the disease becoming infectious in humans.
51 Killed in China by Powerful Tornado
Teacher Killings Ignite Calls for Revolution in Mexico: Police crackdown on rural educator protest spurs wide rebuke of government privatization and repression
Solar plane lands in Spain after three-day Atlantic crossing
Brexit supporters urged to take own pens to polling station amid fears of MI5 conspiracy
Cities forge world's largest alliance to curb climate change | More than 7,100 cities in 119 countries formed the Global Covenant of Mayors for Climate and Energy, a network for helping exchange information on such goals as developing clean energy, organizers said.
Colombia, FARC announce full ceasefire, 'last day of the war'
Gunmen kill Sufi devotional singer Amjad Sabri in Pakistan, Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility
India launches 20 satellites in single mission
F-16s to be manufactured soon in an assembly line in India
Australia's gun laws stopped mass shootings and reduced homicides, study finds.
French cement company in Syria buys oil from ISIS  Documents
Pope to visit Armenia after irking Turkey with 'genocide' label
Merkel says NATO must be strengthened
China cracks down on online comments, click-bait stories, foreign TV content as Xi reshapes media landscape
The prime minister of India is set to get a brand new Air India One aircraft, will be more advanced than Air Force One.
German government agrees to ban fracking indefinitely
Teenage recruits were raped by staff and forced to rape each other as part of initiation practices in the Australian military going back to 1960, a public inquiry heard on Tuesday
Pakistan is selling nuclear materials to N Korea and China knows it, US sources say
Amazon jaguar shot dead at Olympic torch ceremony
Mexican flags raised around Donald Trump's golf course - Ahead of Trump's visit to Scotland this week
EU smashes 2020 emissions target six years early | Greenhouse gas emissions in 2014 were 4.1% lower than the previous year and 24.4% below the 1990 baseline. The 2020 target is a 20% cut.
Police kill eight striking Mexican teachers as Activists Denounce Police Killings &amp; Crackdowns on Teachers in Oaxaca
Pro-choice activists have delivered abortion pills to women in Northern Ireland using a drone.
A French football fan shoved an 18cm-long flare up his rectum in order to smuggle it into a Euro 2016 game. He then pulled the device out and set it off in the crowd, burning himself and two others in the process, before being charged over the incident by French police.
Indian space agency ISRO launches 20 satellites in a single launch, setting a new record for the agency
Japanese power company TEPCO admits it lied about meltdown after Fukushima
Murdoch's News Corp buys 72 regional newspapers for $37 million
"Europe's growing army of robot workers could be classed as 'electronic persons' and their owners liable to paying social security for them if the European Union adopts a draft plan to address the realities of a new industrial revolution."
Intel Fights Record $1.2 Billion Antitrust Fine at Top EU Court for bribing computer makers to not use AMD
Russian security service conducts raids on Church of Scientology Federal Security Service raid over a dozen locations in Moscow and St Petersburg as part of investigation into alleged illegal business dealings
Turkish students and graduates from 370 schools issue statements against AKP government's Islamization of education, student protests continue
Japan Election Campaign Kicks off, Voting Age Lowered to 18
Moscow has signed an agreement with Los Angeles-based company Hyperloop One to explore building a futuristic, high-speed transportation system known as a Hyperloop in the Russian capital.
TEPCO admits meltdown cover-up - The president of Tokyo Electric Power Company has admitted the company concealed the reactor meltdowns at its Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant immediately after the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami
Indian State Grants Jews Minority Status - India Real Time
Canadian Rescue Plane successfully reaches South Pole Research Outpost.
The Swedish parliament on Tuesday voted in favour of tough new asylum and residency laws.
French police teargas migrants trying to board trucks to the UK
Qawwali musician Amjad Sabri was shot dead in Pakistan. In 2014, the Islamabad Hight Court had issued a notice in a blasphemy case to two private TV channels. The show had mixed a mock wedding with a qawwali sung by Sabri related to religious figures, and was considered offensive.
N. Korea launches what appears to be Musudan mid-range missile from east coast
An Australian athlete who has competed in six Paralympic Games has been robbed at gunpoint in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Liesl Tesch said a man brandishing a gun pushed her off her bicycle and stole it on Sunday.
Russian state television accidentally broadcasts evidence that Moscow uses cluster bombs in Syria
In 2015, 50 environmentalists were killed in Brazil  more than a quarter of those killed worldwide  and last year marked deadliest year for environmental activists, with 185 total murders across world. Out of the 10 deadliest countries in world for environmentalist, seven were in Latin America.
China's plan to cut meat consumption by 50% cheered by climate campaigners: New dietary guidelines could reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 1bn tonnes by 2030, and could lessen countrys problems with obesity and diabetes
Coral bleaching event now biggest in history  and about to get worse: 'Coral in every major reef region has already experienced severe bleaching. About 93% of the reefs on Australias Great Barrier Reef have been affected, and almost a quarter of the reef on the 2,300km stretch is now dead.'
Super-rich quaff champagne in Venezuela country club while middle classes scavenge for food
Hong Kong bookseller refuses to be silenced after harsh detention in China
Chinese prosecutors have successfully sued a county environmental agency for inadequately punishing a sewage firm that produced dye without appropriate safeguards  the first such public interest case against a government department.
A London-based advocacy group says it has documented the killings of 185 environmental activists in 16 countries last year, nearly 60 percent more than in 2014.
Erdogan loses appeal against German media boss
Chinese supercomputer is the world's fastest  and without using US chips
7-Eleven operator handed record penalty of more than $400,000 for systematically exploiting staff
A Honduran military unit trained by US was ordered to kill environmental activist who was slain in March
African Union plans to introduce single passport to create EU-style 'continent without borders'
More refugees became citizens of Canada than any other country last year, UN says
Turkey charges Reporters Without Borders press freedom representative with 'terrorist propaganda'
Brussels: Bomb alert at shopping centre sparks anti-terror operation | Europe | News
Australian Paralympian Liesl Tesch robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro
China issues orders to demolish Buddhist 'towns' (religious communities) with intensive 'instruction' for leaders and members of religious orders. Only a tiny fraction of the existing communities will be allowed to remain at each site.
Gazans squeezed by triple taxes as Hamas replaces lost income
US and Russian fighters in dramatic showdown over Syria: American pilots scramble to confront Putin's jets as they bomb Pentagon-backed Syrian rebels
Rising Tide of 'Politically Acceptable' Killings Spells Danger for Environmentalists Worldwide: More than three people were slain each week in 2015 for 'protecting the land, forests, and rivers,' a new report reveals
Mexico teachers protest: Six people are dead and more than 100 are injured following a weekend of violence between members of a teachers union and police in southern Mexico.
Canada is set to launch a paid whistleblower program.
Russian football fan leader Alexander Shprygin has been detained in France, two days after being expelled from the country, French officials say.
A staggering 87 percent of Venezuelans say they do not have money to buy enough food
Two corporate whistleblowers may enter into plea bargain deal that would tie 30% of Brazilian lawmakers to corruption cases.
Poland, together with Russia, Iran, and several Gulf states successfully removed decriminalization of homosexuality from UN resolution.
Three environmental activists were killed per week last year, murdered defending land rights and the environment from mining, dam projects and logging
Ontario funeral business dissolves the dead, pours them into town sewers
New Declassified Documents Reveal How CIA Abused, Tortured Prisoners [Graphic]
Tens of thousands of people gathered in sweltering heat on Japan's Okinawa island on Sunday in one of the biggest demonstrations in two decades against U.S. military bases, following the arrest of an American suspected of murdering a local woman.
Japan's dementia crisis hits record levels as thousands go missing. National Police Agency reports more than 12,000 patients going missing in 2015, with hundreds of those later found dead
Icelands Hekla volcano, a very popular tourist destination, now ready to blow
Corbyn pledges to kill TTIP if elected
Venezuelans Ransack Stores as Hunger Grips the Nation - 4-year-old girl was shot to death as street gangs fought over food.
Rome elects first female mayor
Saudi Arabia and Kuwait angry about Hillary Clintons claims that they 'fund terrorism': The two embassies in Canberra, Australia denounced the presidential candidate's remarks and said they also suffer from terrorism
Professor Dismissed for Insulting Turkey's President
Russian soldier dies in Syria after preventing car bomb attack on aid distribution point
Three dead, 45 injured as labor union clashes with police in Mexico
Indonesia vows to stand firm after skirmishes with Chinese ships.China claims most of the South China Sea, through which $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year. The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei have overlapping claims.
A study of ocean plankton has shown that an increase in the water temperature of the worlds oceans of around 6C (10.8F)  which some scientists predict could occur as soon as 2100  could stop oxygen production by phytoplankton by disrupting the process of photosynthesis.
Australia taxes foreign home buyers as affordability bites - Sydney is imposing new taxes on foreigners buying homes as concerns grow that a flood of mostly Chinese investors is crowding out locals and killing the "Great Australian Dream" of owning property
Paris isn't happy about Amazon's one-hour delivery service
Australian man pleads guilty to making sexual threats on social media, in a landmark victory for opponents of online harassment. "When her friends defended her online, Alchin wrote more than fifty posts, including rape threats, and saying that women should 'never have been given rights' "
Trudeau condemns killing of 14 Canadian Embassy security guards in Kabul
Vladimir Putin is considering selling part of Russias corporate crown jewels to China and India as the president struggles to meet spending commitments before his possible re-election bid in less than two years
An elephant has survived being shot in the head by suspected poachers in Zimbabwe. It was found by vets in Mana Pools national park and is believed to have had the bullet lodged in its head for up to six weeks.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange marks 5 years holed up in Ecuadorean embassy
Canada Legalizes Physician-Assisted Dying
"There is no need for anyone else to engage in politics. Our duty is to support the leader in this country." No one should do politics in Turkey except Erdoan, says chief adviser.
Egypt just sentenced two former Al Jazeera employees to death
Turkish police use tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannons to disperse protesters against radical Islamists' assault on Radiohead fans. Over 500 people had gathered in Cihangir Square with beers in hands.
Microsoft avoids paying 100m a year in UK corporation tax
Canada willingly makes tax deals with tax havens. Billions of dollars are moving out of Canada  nearly all tax free  with 92 tax treaties signed.
3 International Space Station astronauts return safely to Earth
Pakistan Province Grants 300 Million Rupees To 'University of Jihad'
Refugees should have to 'accept Kiwi values': The government is being told it should make refugees sign up to New Zealand values before they allowed are into the country.
Firemen in Sicily are battling dozens of forest blazes which they believe were lit by the island's mafia or their collaborators.Authorities have pointed the blame at mafia mobsters allied with unscrupulous developers who hope to build villas and holiday homes on the torched land
Norway's parliament approves radical proposal to become climate neutral by 2030, 20 years earlier than planned
Russian aircraft bombed US backed rebels near the Jordanian border, forcing US to send aircraft to the area.
Hundreds of academic, religious, popular, student, human and social rights organizations around the world signed a document Friday that condemns the brutal repression exerted by the Mexican government against teachers who reject the education reform by President Enrique Pea Nieto.
North Korea Steals U.S. Fighter Blueprints
Vladimir Putin says that Russian will work with whoever is elected US president
Thousands of people in Poland march to defend abortion rights
Angry Julian Assange starts fifth year cooped in London embassy
Thai government is planning on legalization of methamphetamine
Thousands protest U.S. bases on Okinawa after Japan woman's murder
In a show of strength before an international courts ruling on Chinas claims in the South China Sea, US Navy sails 2 Aircraft carriers in western Pacific
UK government suspects many of those who attacked England supporters are in Russias uniformed services
German minister warns NATO of 'saber-rattling' against Russia
IMF says EU exit 'largest near-term risk' to British economy
Rio Declares 'State Of Calamity' Ahead Of Games
Turkish troops kill 11 Syrians trying to cross border: monitor
Rio declares financial emergency, requests funding for Olympics
It's official: May is now Earth's hottest month on record
Thomas Mair, charged with MP Jo Cox's murder, gives his name as "Death to traitors, freedom for Britain" to UK court
Iraqi forces take back Fallujah from ISIS
Norway says it will boost defences against unpredictable Russia: We have an increasingly unpredictable neighbour to the east which is strengthening its military capacity, and showing willingness to use military force as a political tool,
Exxon Has No Free Speech Rights to Commit Fraud, say Climate Groups: Exxon's "preemptive strike to shut down the investigation before it is completed should not be countenanced," says Union of Concerned Scientists
Large number of Turks in Germany put Islam above the law: Germany may be home, but many don't feel accepted - new study reveals what ethnic Turks think about religion and integration, with many putting Islam above the law and some even justifying violence to expand Islam
Radiohead Listening Party in Istanbul Attacked by Islamists
Belgium Police Arrest 12 Suspected of Planning New Terror Attack
Shattered records show climate change is an emergency today, scientists warn. Unprecedented temperature levels mean more heatwaves, flooding, wildfires and hurricanes as experts say global warming is here and affecting us now
U.S. says it will stay in Black Sea despite Russian warning
Canada's PM Justin Trudeau announced a possible commitment of troops to Europe following intelligence suggesting that Moscow is retooling for the possibility of war.
China has ordered an apparent media blackout on mainland coverage of a Hong Kong booksellers claim he was abducted by Chinese agents amid outcry in the territory and internationally over the case.
'We shall not take anyone in'. Angry Hungarian ministers hit back at EU migration quotas - Hungarian politicians have said the country will not accept any migrants because the country does not need immigration.
Kenya allows anal probes to detect homosexuals.
Bulgaria set to ban niqabs and burqas in crackdown on the face veil: Bill tabled by the nationalist Patriotic Front party backed by 108 MPs to eight against
China has signed an agreement with the United Nations to open its future space station to spacecraft, science experiments and even astronauts from countries around the world
Victoria Police failed to act on complaints about a policeman who sexually brutalised nine children during his 12 years in the force, the County Court was told on Friday.
China must get better on human rights before Canada will sign a trade deal: Trudeau
Canada's assisted-dying bill is now law after clearing final hurdles.
Radical Islamists attack Radiohead record store event in Istanbul
American man commits suicide by slashing his throat in Taiwan courtroom drug trial
The Russian track and field team will not compete at the Rio Olympics after world athletics governing body upheld a ban imposed for state-supported doping. A handful of Russian athletes may be able to compete under a neutral flag if they can demonstrate they have lived and trained outside Russia.
Pakistan has banned an actor from hosting a TV show, for discussing the rights of minorities in the country. The host earlier remarked that the state shouldn't discriminate against its citizens based on their sect &amp; religious affiliations. Later, an Islamic cleric has called for murder of the host.
Lawmakers call for defunding UN schools after film shows Palestinian kids praising ISIS
MP Jo Cox dead after shooting attack
Saudi Arabia upset after Hillary Clinton links oil kingdom to terrorism
India may be building an underwater wall of microphones to keep track of Chinas submarines, Hydrophones can record and listen to underwater sounds
Ex-Auschwitz guard Reinhold Hanning, 94, sentenced to 5 years for being accessory to murder in 170,000 deaths.
The annual Gay Pride Parade in Istanbul is under threat from ultra-nationalist and conservative groups who have pledged to do "what is necessary" to stop the event.
Russian athletes to remain banned from international competition
Israel seeks life plus 60 years for gay pride stabber
Brazil's tourism minister resigns weeks before Olympics
A rare, risky mission is underway to rescue sick scientists from the South Pole
China behaving like 'gangster' state with bookseller kidnap, say Hong Kong politicians
Putin: Today USA is the only superpower.
Report shows young people today in Australia are overqualified, underemployed and swimming in debt
Alleged killer of British MP was a longtime supporter of the neo-Nazi National Alliance
Taliban use 'honey trap' boys to kill Afghan police - The Taliban are using child sex slaves to mount crippling insider attacks on police in southern Afghanistan
COGAT: Israel water supply to Palestinians increased, not decreased
Deaths, arrests as looting erupts in Venezuela
Elderly Japanese, among the world's richest retirees, are flocking to inheritance advisers, tackling historical taboos on discussing death and providing a rare avenue of growth for the country's brokerages and banks.
Russian hooligans attack Spanish tourists outside cathedral - Independent.ie
Boko Haram shoot dead 18 women at funeral in northern Nigeria
ISIS Committed Genocide Against Yazidis in Syria and Iraq, U.N. Panel Says
Greece wants to send thousands of migrants back to Turkey in coming weeks
Missing Hong Kong bookseller: I was kidnapped - One of five Hong Kong booksellers who went missing in late 2015 said he was kidnapped after crossing the border into mainland China
Kim Jong-un destroys model village in North Korea built by his 'despicable human scum' uncle: Sources claim the theme park made the North Korean leader uneasy
Turkey Bans Gay Pride Parade in Istanbul, Citing Security
One dead, others injured in mass stabbing at Calgary medical clinic.
Decriminalisation Call As 'War On Drugs' Fails. Top public health experts say illicit drug use should be treated as a health issue rather than punishing those who need treatment.
Germany to end unofficial tolerance of polygamy: 'No one who comes to us has the right to put their cultural roots, or their religious beliefs, above our laws,' says justice minister
Killing of non-Muslims and minority groups forbidden in Islam.Bangladeshi clerics have issued a fatwa against the killings of minorities and secular campaigners in the mainly Muslim country, where police have arrested over 10,000 people in a crackdown on militancy.
Once Islamic State is defeated, Iraq should be divided into three separate entities to prevent further sectarian bloodshed, with a state each given to Shi'ite Muslims, Sunnis and Kurds, a top Kurdish official said on Thursday.
LEGO donates 600 million DKK (90.7 million USD) to new children's hospital in Copenhagen
Physicists have detected ripples in the fabric of spacetime that were set in motion by the collision of two black holes far across the universe more than a billion years ago. The event marks only the second time that scientists have spotted gravitational waves
Obama meets Dalai Lama in spite of China protest
A chilling call: Police to contact 151 Canadians on ISIS 'kill list'
BBC News: EgyptAir wreckage found in Mediterranean
Norway Kills More Whales than Japan and Iceland Combined, Report Finds.
India aims for a record by launching 22 satellites on a single rocket
The World Has Gotten More Peaceful, Except the Middle East
Catholic orders take their lead from the pope and divest from fossil fuels: Four Australian Catholic orders are jointly and publicly divesting from coal, oil and gas: We believe the Gospel asks no less of us
Undercover police officer 'recorded Muslim extremists calling for gay people to be thrown from a building during secret ISIS support meetings in back garden'
'El Chapo' prison guard killed; Mexico deploys 300 troops to guard prison
Employee of Panama Papers Law Firm, Mossack Fonseca, Is Arrested in Switzerland
$40 billion aid to Israel is 'largest ever' to any country, says Susan Rice
Lam Wing-kee, bookseller who went missing for nearly eight months and only returned to Hong Kong from the mainland this week, described on Thursday his harrowing detention at a border crossing and sustained efforts by authorities there to extract information from him.
Poliovirus detected in water sample in India, state declares global emergency
One in four deaths of young men aged from 15 to 39 in Ireland is due to alcohol and drink is a factor in half of all suicides.Alcohol is also involved in more than one third of cases of deliberate self-harm, peaking around weekends and public holidays.
Prince William Becomes First Royal to Pose for LGBT Magazine - Speaking out on homophobic bullying
LIGO Has Detected Gravitational Waves for the Second Time
Walmart Canada says it would stop accepting visa cards because of unacceptably high fees. Visa accuses Walmart of using customers as Pawns in battle over fees.
$28 bln invested in cluster weapon producers in 4 years - Report finds 158 financial institutions involved in funding production of weapons, despite intl law banning cluster bombs
A Kenyan High Court has dismissed a case challenging the legality of anal tests as proof of homosexuality
ISIS Twitter accounts have been hijacked with gay porn
Dalai Lama grows quite skeptical about the effects of prayer, stating that serious actions are required for real changes
Nearly 400 international scientists called on Barack Obama to rule out further expansion of oil and gas exploration in Arctic waters under US control.
A gay couple has been detained by Moscow police in Russia after leaving flowers and a sign with "Love wins" written on it outside the US embassy. Russian law bans protests over gay rights, and LGBT people in the country suffer severe discrimination and homophobia.
Scotland beats climate emissions reductions target six years early. Down 46% since 1990.
Scientists have discovered the first complex organic chiral molecule in interstellar space.
Israel cuts water supplies to West Bank during Ramadan
Avocado shortage fuels crime wave in New Zealand
Catholic teenager hung on cross at work left 'ashamed', four men are accused of religiously aggravated assault by beating.
Justin Trudeau considers European troop commitment as Canadian Intel warns Russia is 'mobilizing for war'
Obama risks angering 1.3 billion Chinese people by meeting the Dalai Lama, warns Beijing
The UN [has] ruled that Ireland's abortion ban violates human rights
Young Australians are more educated than previous generations, but they are struggling to turn higher qualifications into paid work.
Malnutrition is sweeping the world, fuelled by obesity as well as starvation, new research has suggested
China warns U.S. against meetings with Dalai Lama, and Taiwan president
Mexico's first independent governor: "No one likes fat girls"
Brazil's giant dams risk destroying heart of the Amazon, says Greenpeace: Construction of 40 dams in the Tapajs river basin would severely affect indigenous people and is not justifiable economically, says new report
Justin Trudeau Refuses to Stop Giving Canadians Criminal Records Over Weed
Raqqa: Elderly Christian forced to convert to Islam, cannot afford ISIS minority tax
Islamophobia on the rise in Germany - study. Islamophobia has risen markedly in Germany, a study published on Wednesday showed, underscoring the tensions simmering in German society after more than one million migrants, mostly Muslims, arrived last year.
A morsel of never-before-seen alien rock has been dug up in a limestone quarry in Sweden, where it had lain deeply buried for about 470m years, scientists said Tuesday.
Chinese children at five are 8-cm taller than 40 years ago, according to government surveys over 161,774 healthy children
May Was Planet's Hottest Month on Record, NASA
Former No. 2 at Argentinas Public Works Ministry was arrested burying millions outside convent
Five Die in Attack on Gay Club, Shootout in Eastern Mexico
Gay Chinese man sues mental hospital for trying to cure him with drugs and beatings
Goldman Sachs hired prostitutes to win Libyan business
'Man holed up in Paris suburban home with hostages after killing policeman'
A group of Pakistani clerics has issued a fatwa, or religious ruling, declaring "honour killing" over perceived damage to a family's reputation against the teaching of Islam, and anyone who carries out such an attack a heretic
Animal Welfare Institute Report: Norway is now the worlds leading whaling nation, killing more whales in the past two years than Japan and Iceland combined.
ISIS leader al-Baghdadi killed in air strike: Report
Leaked secret audio recordings of Brazils most powerful figures have sparked a series of explosive scandals in the nations ongoing political crisis. Now, Brazilian lawmakers are trying to outlaw publication of such recordings
US with 5 percent of the world's population has nearly third of world's mass shootings
London's mayor has banned 'unrealistic body images' from transport advertising
University of Toronto under lockdown after report of armed man
French police have started the process of deporting almost 50 Russia fans following violent clashes with England supporters that marred the opening days of Euro 2016.
The Pirate Party charges back to the top of polls in Iceland with only four months until elections
The atmosphere has hit a grim milestone  and scientists say well never go back within our lifetimes
Barrier Reef rodent is first mammal declared extinct due to climate change
Unprecedented 11 million supporters sign petition calling for the end of China's Yulin dog meat festival
Bollywood is celebrating a rare court decision to overrule the country's chief censor, who had sought to censor a controversial film about drug problems in the state of Punjab.
ISIS militants massacres 40 civilians in Ghandoura, north Aleppo
Muslim villagers donate money to build church for Christian community in Pakistan
Australia reviews visa of Islamic scholar over homosexuality comments
Mongolia is changing all its addresses to three-word phrases. The system, developed by a British startup, identifies 9-square-meter spaces anywhere on the planet with just three words.
Non-praying people 'animals', Turkish academic says on state TV
ISIS claims responsibility for killing of French police officer
Laser technology reveals huge medieval cities hidden in the Cambodian jungle
Canadian Hostage Robert Hall Beheaded by Abu Sayyaf Militants
First Muslim Gay 'Imam' Says Quran Doesn't Call for Punishment of Homosexuals
A Dutch woman who alleged she was raped after being drugged in an upscale nightclub in Doha was convicted of having sex out of wedlock by a Qatari court on Monday and given a one-year suspended sentence.
Islamic State claims responsibility for Orlando nightclub shooting
Muslim students in Denmark banned from praying during school hours
Turkish website reports 50 perverts killed in a bar
The New Democrat Party of Canada is introducing a motion on Monday, calling on the liberal government to decriminalize simple possession of marijuana for personal use immediately.
5 Delhi Hospitals Fined $125 million For Refusing Free Treatment To Poor
German MP calls for a travel ban on Erdogan - Sevim Dagdelen has urged action after receiving death threats over the Armenian genocide vote in Germany's parliament. She said she wants Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to be prevented from entering Germany.
Exclusive: Edward Snowden leaks reveal secret Scottish spy system
Microsoft to buy Linkedin for $26.2 Billion
Irish Prime Minister "I'll meet Donald Trump and tell him why his views are racist and dangerous"
Islamic decree terms honor killing un-Islamic act
Reports of powerful explosion in Beirut
India Is Building a $60 Million Monsoon-Predicting Supercomputer
Ukraine Holds Its First Major Gay Pride March in Kiev
Cleric who preached death for homosexual acts and toured Orlando visits Sydney
Greece will soon recognize Palestinian state, ruling party says
Bangladesh arrests over 100 Islamists in crackdown after killings
Russian hooligans were savage and organised, say England fans.
The Australian government will establish a special $1 billion fund to protect the Great Barrier Reef from the ravages of climate change and declining water quality.
Former Brazilian soccer star: Don't come to the Olympics
Iranian Soccer Player Jailed Over Photos With Unveiled Women
75 Voters In Argentine Soccer Federation Election Somehow Produce 76 Votes
Iranian Authorities Overrule Husband, Allow Female Soccer Captain To Travel To World Cup Event
Paris Attacker With Explosive Vest Was Blocked From Entering Paris Soccer Stadium
Goldman Sachs hired prostitutes to win Libyan business, court told: Wall Street Bank also accused of paying for travel and five-star hotels by Libyan sovereign wealth fund, as UK high court hearing gets under way
Ukraine holds its first large-scale LGBT pride parade
May Broke A New Record For Arctic Sea Ice Loss
Oscar Pistorius to be sentenced for murder of Reeva Steenkamp; the former athlete faces 15 years in jail after appeal court rejected culpable homicide verdict in shooting death of Steenkamp in 2013
At least 12 released Guantanamo detainees implicated in attacks on Americans
Thousands flee Falluja using first safe exit route secured by Iraqi army
Pakistani Senator Threatens Activist With Rape on Live Television
ISIS 'will target' the Rio Olympics 2016 says Brazil's anti-terror chief
Germany: Thousands Surround US Air Base to Protest the Use of Drones: Over 5,000 Germans formed a 5.5-mile human chain to surround the base
MH370: Debris discovered off south Australian coast means missing planes wreckage could span 10,000 km
Two-Thirds of the World to Suffer Water Scarcity in 10 Years
NSA Looking to Exploit Internet of Things, Including Biomedical Devices, Official Says
Walmart Canada to stop accepting Visa, says fees too high
Eleven German MPs under police protection in 'genocide' row
Drug traffickers burning down Guatemalan forest to make clandestine landing strips for planes carrying US-bound cocaine have razed an area twice the size of Manhattan this year, officials say.
Nuuk, Greenlands capital, was warmer than New York City soaring to 75 degrees (24 Celsius) Thursday, marking the warmest temperature ever recorded in the Arctic country during June.
Tel Aviv mayor links terror attack to occupation, sparking outcry
Revenge porn threats could be made a crime in England and Wales
Chinas Dog Meat Festival Is Again at Hand, and Opponents Are Lining Up
Japan, U.S., India kick off key joint naval exercises amid growing Chinese maritime assertiveness | The Japan Times
ISIS terrorist executes his own brother in charge of apostasy
England and Russia could be thrown out of Euro 2016 if there is more violence | Football
Marseille erupts into chaos as English, French &amp; Russian hooligans exchange violent attacks
Brazilian legend Ronaldo is "appalled" at how ill-prepared Brazil is for the World Cup with 2 weeks to go. So far, $11 billion have been spent on the event.
World's most expensive footballer Cristiano Ronaldo donates 1.5m to children in Gaza
Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo has donated 7 million euros (5m) to help the aid effort in Nepal, according to reports in France