China issues veiled warning to N. Korea not to conduct nuclear test
China: Violent Government Thugs Beaten To Death By Angry Crowds After They Killed A Man Documenting Their Brutality
North Korean new generation losing faith in the regime: After decades of absolute control, Pyongyang's iron grip on the lives of ordinary citizens is finally slipping
Arab royal hunts down 2,100 internationally protected houbara bustards in three week safari
Bolivia raises minimum wage by 20%
CEO Of Russian Facebook Says He Was Fired And That The Social Network Is Now In The Hands Of Putin Allies - So ends the slow unravelling of independence at VKontakte, Russias most popular social network.
China's new environment law submitted to parliament... will give legal backing to Beijing's newly declared war on pollution and formalise a pledge made last year to abandon a decades-old growth-at-all-costs economic model that has spoiled much of China's water, skies and soil.
DSL router patch merely hides backdoor instead of closing it - Researcher finds secret knock opens admin for some Linksys, Netgear routers.
North Korea erupts with anti-gay tirade against UN Human Rights Chair
Ultra-Orthodox Jews are resisting new laws which force them to join the army
US releases photos of Russian special forces soldier operating in eastern Ukraine.
Russia bans Tatar leader from Crimea after Putin signs decree
Spanish Congress rejects Catalan independence referendum
Sri Lanka to deport British tourist with Buddha tattoo
US ordered to release memo in Anwar al-Awlaki drone killing
Everest's Sherpas Issue List of Demands
Chinese hackers are stealing our secrets - US Admiral
It is a significant shift in how Russian ground forces approach a problem, - James G. Stavridis, the retired admiral and former NATO commander.
Leaflets Given To Donetsk Jews Made Waves Worldwide, But Not In Donetsk
Extremist Hindu leader in India calls to evict Muslims and loot and burn their properties
First sign of South Korea ferry disaster was call from a frightened boy who is among the missing - The Globe and Mail
Hundreds of people were killed because of their ethnicity after South Sudan rebels seized the oil hub of Bentiu last week
Rockets from Gaza hit Israel, army launches airstrikes in Passover clash
Trial of Al Jazeera journalists resumes: Correspondent Peter Greste and producers Mohammed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed appear in court in Egyptian capital Cairo.
Fukushima disaster: Tokyo hides truth as children die, become ill from radiation - ex-mayor
Activity has increased at North Korea's nuclear test site ahead of a visit by US President Barack Obama to the region
Twitter bans two whistleblower accounts exposing government corruption after complaints from the Turkish government
Jamaica sees green in ganja -- After more than a century, the island of music and marijuana seems ready for legalization
Canadians rally to legalize marijuana
Japan defence chief puzzled by Russian warplanes: The country's air defence force scrambled fighter jets for seven days in a row after spotting Russian military planes. "They are continuing flights, which we deem as abnormal and were unseen even in the Cold War era," - Defence Minister
China has seized a Japanese ship over "debt" from 1936.
Malaysia Airlines MH192 has made an air turn back to KUL, but is currently circling round burning fuel and unable to land due to problems with its landing gear and burst tyres.
India and Georgia have made it compulsory for Pakistani travellers to get anti-polio vaccine prior to entering their territory; several other countries may follow suit
Snowden reporter promises more NSA revelations are coming. And Greenward hits back after Rep. Peter King denounces the Pulitzer Award calling it 'disgraceful'.
North Korea accuses US and allies of "worst human rights abuses"; says defectors to South Korea who exposed human rights abuses are "terrorists" and that North Korea's masses are leading happy lives. The North said that human rights investigations would only make it achieve "Final Victory" faster.
Photos Link Masked Men in East Ukraine to Russia and suggest that many of the men who have seized Ukrainian government sites are indeed Russian military and intelligence forces.
Abuse of veal calves unveiled by hidden camera: "Baby calves... are kicked, punched, slapped and yelled at by barn employees. Some are grabbed by the testicles to force them into narrow wooden stalls. Several lie gasping for air on slats stained with urine and feces." [Canada]
Spains Robin Hood takes from the banks and gives to the disenfranchised - They call him the Robin Hood of the banks, a man who took out dozens of loans worth almost half a million euros with no intention of ever paying them back.
David Cameron fuelling sectarian division by bringing God into politics'
Russia stares at recession as Ukraine crisis scars economy
Ukrainian synagogue reportedly firebombed
Bangladesh Factory Owner Charged With Murder: Its been almost a full year since the tragic Bangladesh factory collapse killed 1,135 garment workers in the capital of Dhaka.This week, authorities announced that Rana [the negligent owner of the factory] would stand trial for his role in the disaster.
Scottish independence poll:Yes on brink of victory
Tesla poised to start delivery of Model S to Chinese motorists
Unease in Vatican over cardinal's 'luxury flat': An Italian cardinal is moving into a 600-square-metre (6,500 square foot) Vatican apartment in apparent contradiction with Pope Francis's call for a "poor Church"
Botswana bushmen: 'If you deny us the right to hunt, you are killing us'
Ukraine Conflict Becomes Hostage Crisis as Separatists Take Prisoners
Ukrainian journalist and activist Irma Krat arrested by pro-Russian separatists for 'war crimes'
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed laws simplifying procedures for Russian speakers in the former Soviet Union to obtain Russian citizenship and on obligations for migrant laborers working in Russia.
Nigeria: Latest Boko Haram massacre; over 150 dead
India Wants To Take On 'US Hegemony' Over The Internet... By Renaming It The Equinet
Engineers are about to blast away the top of a Chilean mountain to create a site for the European Extremely Large Telescope. It will allow us, for the first time, to directly observe planets outside the solar system
Six schools in Birmingham, U.K. implicated in "Trojan Horse" plot by extremists to "Islamise" secular state education .
In 60 Days, South Sudan will Starve: There is a looming crisis in South Sudan that, if not dealt with, could rival some of the worst famines in recent history.
President Barack Obama has signed into law a measure that would bar entry to any UN ambassador whom the US says has engaged in "terrorist activity".
US Drone Obliterates Civilians in Yemen: At least fifteen people, including those not specifically targeted, are killed or wounded in bombing
Saudi man fined for allowing his wife to drive.
Government to introduce law requiring porn sites to obtain proof that users are over 18
Turkey may leave World Wide Web says Communication Minister
Thousands of Chinese spent their best years making Nike shoes and now have no pensions
Poland wants 10,000 American troops deployed to defend against Russia
Deadly gun attack in eastern Ukraine shakes fragile Easter truce
Putins popularity at its peak, society rallies around patriotism
Nearly 1/5 of China's farmland is now too polluted to farm; 82.8 percent of contaminated lands are polluted by pollutants like Arsenic, Cadmium, and Nickel. "Although air pollution is highly visible and present, these pollutants eventually end up in the soil and pollute it as well."
Meteor-like Object Explodes Over Russia
Strike at Nike, Adidas China supplier halts output
Bodies found inside sunken South Korean ferry - 52 confirmed dead
Criminals Are Using Drones To Find Weed Farms To Rob
Some 3,000 Crimeans refuse to become Russian citizens: About 3,000 residents of Crimea, including Sevastopol, have refused to receive Russian passports, Russian Federal Migration Service chief Konstantin Romodanovsky said.
BBC News - Rubin "Hurricane" Carter has passed away
Saudi Arabia announces jump in new cases of deadly MERS virus: Saudi Arabia has confirmed seven new cases of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), adding up to 36 infections in five days, a sudden increase of a disease that kills about a third of the people infected and has no cure.
South Africans Have Case for Aiding Apartheid: Ford Motor Co. and IBM must face a class action from black South Africans accusing them of supplying the apartheid regime with military cars and computers, a federal judge ruled.
Syrian Rebels Are Being Armed With US-Made Anti-Tank Missiles
Ukraine crisis: Geneva deal hangs by a thread after deaths in Slavyansk Pro-Russian militants and unidentified assailants are reported killed in gun battle in eastern Ukrainian town
Spanish Court Refuses to Close Guantnamo Torture Investigation
Iran says reactor dispute 'virtually solved' - Middle East
Obama: "Countries like Germany, China and India - they're working every day to out-educate our kids so they can out-compete our businesses. And each year, frankly, it shows that they're making more progress than we are."
North Korea has written an official letter of complaint to Britain over a London hair salon's advert implying leader Kim Jong-Un has a bad hairstyle
A 7.5 earthquake has occurred off the coast of Papua New Guinea - Tsunami expected locally
Schools in Birmingham discrimate against non-Muslim students and restrict GCSE teaching to fit in with Islamic beliefs, according to official report
Chinese authorities have arrested at least 20 people for the crime of writing male/male fanfic, mostly young women.
Japan expands army footprint for first time in 40 years, risks angering China.
Russia writes off 90 percent of North Korea debt, eyes gas pipeline: Russia's parliament has agreed to write off almost $10 billion of North Korea's Soviet-era debt, in a deal expected to facilitate the building of a gas pipeline to South Korea across the reclusive state.
Nearly one-third of morning-after pills in Peru are fake
Most in east Ukraine region against joining Russia. A majority of inhabitants in Ukraine's pro-Russian protest hub Donetsk do not want to join Russia but consider the government in Kiev to be illegitimate, according to a poll published Saturday.
Russian Vice Speaker Screams at Guards to Rape Pregnant Journalist during press conference
U.S. ground troops going to Poland, defense minister says
115 Nigerian school girls still missing after kidnapping
58 killed, 100 injured in attack on UN base in South Sudan
Obama Administration "indefinitely suspending a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline"
CIA torture architect breaks silence to defend 'enhanced interrogation'
Scores of abducted girls freed in Nigeria - At least 44 of the 129 schoolgirls abducted in the northeastern Nigerian town of Chibok have been released, and have reunited with their parents
Poland and the United States will announce next week the deployment of U.S. ground forces to Poland as part of an expansion of NATO presence in Central and Eastern Europe in response to events in Ukraine.
Over 100 hate crime murders linked to far-Right White Nationalist web forum Stormfront.org, whose registered users included Anders Breivik (2011 Norway massacre) and Frazier Glenn Miller (last week's shooting at a Jewish center in Kansas).
Over 50 thousand Russians demand to be put on US sanctions list
Library named after Osama bin Laden in Pakistan
United States to deploy ground troops to Poland
Russia to Build 150 Military Facilities on Kuril Islands (disputed by Japan)
Interpol in hunt for Austrian jihadist teenage girls
Germany shuts scheme for young unemployed Europeans after being flooded with interest from job-seekers particularly from struggling Spain and Hungary
Rape victims in Germany are finding it increasingly difficult to see their assailants convicted, a national study showed
Vice principal of South Korea school in ferry disaster commits suicide
That 'Jewish registry' flyer in East Ukraine is 'fake,' says NCJS, a Jewish organization with direct contact to the Donetsk government
NASA's Kepler Discovers First Earth-Size Planet In The 'Habitable Zone' of Another Star
World Bank wants water privatized, despite risks
7.5 Magnitude Earthquake in Guerrero, Mexico
Pro-paedophile group to be banned, Dutch supreme court says
Japan Says It Will Resume Whaling Off Antarctica
Nobel laureate Gabriel Garca Marquez dies at 87
Armed civilians pretending to be peaceful protesters delivering a petition to the United Nations in South Sudan forced their way into a U.N. base sheltering some 5,000 civilians and opened fire.
Canada sends six CF-18 jets to Poland in response to Ukraine crisis
The manager of the Fukushima nuclear power plant admits to embarrassment that repeated efforts have failed to bring under control the problem of radioactive water, eight months after Japan's prime minister told the world the matter was resolved
Thousands of animals starving in Ukraine's zoos
2,300 tubes containing SARS virus samples missing in France
SNOWDEN: I Questioned Putin To Get His Answer On Record
Ukraine crisis: US secretary of state Kerry announces Geneva agreement - live updates | 'Occupied' buildings to be vacated; arms turned over | Kiev would grant amnesty to protesters | Putin: 'Russia will find mutual understanding with Ukraine'
Chief Warden Shot in Africa's Oldest National Park
High Altitude Avalanche on Mt. Everest 2 dead, 7 Missing
Gabriel Garca Mrquez, the Colombian novelist whose One Hundred Years of Solitude established him as a giant of 20th-century literature, died on Thursday at his home in Mexico City. He was 87
Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov says all sides agree to steps to "de-escalate" Ukraine crisis, after talks in Geneva
Edward Snowden defends decision to question Vladimir Putin on surveillance
British arms dealers sell weapons to 23 countries labelled dangerous by the Foreign Office
Scientists find an 'Earth twin', or maybe a cousin
7 Die in Shooting at China-Vietnam Border: "A Chinese man who was being repatriated from Vietnam along with 15 other migrants seized a gun from a border guard on Friday, triggering a gunfight and standoff in which five Chinese and two Vietnamese guards died"
US freeing Iran funds as Tehran cuts uranium stockpile
Russia and China forge closer ties, as EU explores sanctions
Putin admits Russian forces were deployed to Crimea.
Jimmy Carter and Nobel Laureates Urge President Obama to reject the Keystone XL Pipeline: "History will reflect on this moment..."
Ukraine submits proof of Russian covert action
Putin Asserts Right to Use Force in Eastern Ukraine - '[He] stressed Russias historical claim to the territory, repeatedly referring to it as new Russia'
Ukrainian Oligarch Offers $10k for Each Captured Russian Invader
Donetsk Pro-Russians Order Jews to 'Register or be Deported' for Supporting Kiev Rule
Kim Dotcom can have seized assets returned  New Zealand High Court
Putin: Russia may invade Ukraine to protect locals
Kiev says Russian males aged 16-60 banned from entering Ukraine
300 people attacked a Ukrainian military base in the country's southeast on Thursday
Ukrainian military surrounded by pro-Russians
Snowden asks Putin: "Does Russia intercept millions of citizens data?"
Crimeans find their new lives in Russia harder than expected
Russia Economy Worsens Even Before Sanctions Hit: With inflation rising, growth stagnating, the ruble and stock market plunging, and billions in capital fleeing the country for safety, the economy is teetering on the edge of recession, as the countrys minister of economic development acknowledged
West Slams Russia 'Fantasy Narrative' on Ukraine: Western countries on the Security Council said the new report undermines Russia's claims about the events that led to its recent annexation of Crimea, and they warned of a similar situation unfolding now
Vkontakte Founder: Russia Wanted Personal Data of Euromaidan Protesters
S. Korean Ferry Captain Was One of the First Off the Sinking Ship: I cant raise my face before the passengers and family members of the missing, he said.
Students kidnapped by suspected Islamic militants in Nigeria are freed
$10,000 for separatist head and $1,000 for the machine-gun - the reward promised by the governor of Dnipropetrovsk region
Iranian Officials and Bankers Warn Russia Not to Dismiss U.S. Sanctions Threat
A labor group says a strike at the world's biggest athletic shoe maker is snowballing, with about 30,000 of its Chinese workers protesting over insufficient benefits
Moldovas Breakaway Region Asks Putin to Recognize Sovereignty
Obama warns of "consequences" for Russian actions destabilizing Ukraine
Canadian arrested for Heartbleed hacking
Ukrainian Parliament Recommends Resumption Of Mandatory Conscription
South Korea ferry carrying 350 sinking.
Several armoured personnel carriers have reportedly entered the eastern Ukrainian town of Slaviansk, with the lead vehicle showing the Russian flag
U.S. drone strike kills New Zealander, Australian in Yemen
China's president urges greater militarization of space
Brunei's new law permits stoning gay people to death
Spanish judge defies pressure to scrap Guantanamo torture case against Bush | The Raw Story
Combat Vehicles in East Ukraine Switching Sides
Swiss president greeted with Danish flag in Ukraine
Switzerland pushes for minimum wage of $25 per hour, maximum in the world
SARS: French scientists lose 2,300 samples of potentially deadly virus
A majority of Ukrainiansin all regionscondemn the deployment of Russian troops in Ukraine (93 percent of people in the west and center held this opinion, 73 percent in the South, and 68 percent in the East).
Ukraine says it reclaimed airport seized by pro-Russia separatists
5 Dead in Calgary's Worst Ever Mass Murder
Greece's Golden Dawn party describes Hitler as 'great personality': Cementing its credentials as an unapologetic neo-nazi force, Greece's increasingly combative Golden Dawn party has hailed Hitler as a "great personality" and denounced homosexuality as a "sickness".
Ukraine troops blocked in Kramatorsk as tension rises
Jordanian air force fighter jets have destroyed an undetermined number of vehicles trying to enter the kingdom by crossing the border from war-torn Syria.
Ukraine crisis: NATO to bolster forces in eastern Europe | World news
Citizen scientists prepare to test West Coast for Fukushima radiation
Six Kiev's APCs sent to Kramatorsk join forces with anti-Maidan activists - eyewitness
Ukraine pushes tanks and troops into separatist east
Japan population drops for third year straight; 25% are elderly
'We Will Shoot Back': All Eyes on Russia as Ukraine Begins Offensive in East
Ukraine Says Russian Forces Among Separatists as Battles Ensue
N Korea formally complains over British barber's Kim Jong Un poster
German Law Professors Are Rebelling Against Their Country's Drug Laws
Billionaire Takes Up Fight Against African Poachers  Pledges to provide a helicopter &amp; a multi-million dollar investment to protect South Africas rhinos.
Guardian and Washington Post win Pulitzer prize for NSA revelations | Media
Russian paramilitary leaders in eastern Ukraine caught on tape communicating with Moscow
Ukraine has asked the UN for troops
Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline bribed doctors to boost sales, says whistleblower
Russian forces spotted on ground in eastern Ukraine: Bloomberg
Canadians' mental-health info routinely shared with FBI, U.S. customs
Poland: NATO should send troops to east Europe, ignore Russia's objections
Russian economy may see zero growth this year because of the Ukraine crisis, Russia's finance minister has admitted
Guantnamo hearings halted amid accusations of FBI spying on legal team | World news
Russia on brink of financial crisis as showdown with West escalates - Country's private companies shut out of global bond markets, raising prospect that they may need state support.
Red Hot Chili Peppers music used to torture prisoners in Guantnamo Bay
Smog-hit China is set to pass a new law that would give Beijing more powers to shut polluting factories and punish officials, and even place protected regions off-limits to industrial development
A survey released Tuesday -- the first comprehensive one of its kind - says that only 10 killers of 908 environmental activists slain around the world over the past decade have been convicted
Malta legalises same-sex civil unions/marriage
U.S. Is Considering Sending Arms To Ukraine
Nigeria unrest: 'Attackers abduct 200 schoolgirls'
Chernobyl Sarcophagus Jeapordised by Crisis in Ukraine: The political crisis in Ukraine is severely hampering efforts to build a new radioactive containment structure over the site of the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown.
Russia says Ukraine on brink of civil war
North Korean officials visit salon in London over Kim Jong-un 'bad hair' advert
CIA chief visited Kiev over the weekend: White House
Russia Tests Multi-Warhead ICBM
Pro-Russian Ukrainian police help foil Ukraine crackdown in east
Morocco Women March to Demand Gender Equality - Ccarried banners demanding "equality as a right, not a privilege".
Russia warns against use of force against protesters in Ukraine: Russia's foreign minister has said intervention by Ukrainian authorities to stop pro-Russian protesters in eastern Ukraine would set back diplomatic talks. Ukraine has announced an "anti-terrorist" operation in the east.
Looks Like Rome is Even More Ancient than Thought - As Italian capital approaches 2,767th birthday, excavation reveals wall built long before official founding year of 753BC. It seems to have channeled water. Around it, are pieces of ceramic pottery &amp; remains of food.
Ukraine says it can prove that Russia coordinated weekend attacks
Russian fighter jet makes multiple, close-range passes near an American warship in the Black Sea
Glow-in-the-dark roads make debut in Netherlands -- They look beautiful, but they could also save a lot on streetlight power. The glow lasts up to eight hours once powered throughout the day.
3 EU Countries Back Ukraine's Use of Force - Sweden, Lithuania, &amp; Luxembourg explicitly back Ukraines right to use force against pro-Russian separatists.
Russian TV Propagandists Caught Red-Handed: Same Guy, Three Different People (Spy, Bystander, Heroic Surgeon)
Russia has ~65,000 troops bordering the rest of Ukraine; 40,000 on the Russian Border, 25,000 in Crimea. This is in addition to "pro-Russian" armed protesters already in Ukraine; Russia said attempts to expel those pro-Russian forces are "criminal" and warned it would "protect Russian-speakers".
This is war, Ukraine declares as mob ignores ultimatum to surrender, takes police chief prisoner
Hong Kong women 'being kept in slave-like conditions in Sydney brothels'
Worlds Highest Minimum Wage on Ballot in Switzerland: The Swiss will vote in a national referendum May 18 on whether to create a minimum wage of 22 francs ($25) per hour, or 4,000 francs a month
Israel demolishes Bedouin village for 68th time | Palestine
Anti-Kremlin protest draws thousands in Moscow
Ukraine Forces Storm a Town, Defying Russia
White House Warns Russia Not to Invade as Biden Plans Ukraine Trip
Russia prepared to let tanks roll across borders - German minister: German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel warned on Monday of an escalation of the crisis in Ukraine, saying "Russia was clearly prepared to allow tanks to roll across European borders".
UN scientists: The world needs to triple the energy it gets from renewables, nuclear reactors, and power plants that use emissions-capture technology to avoid dangerous levels of global warming
West approves $3.2 billion package for Ukraine
World must end 'dirty' fuel use.
Biggest drug bust in Saudi Arabian History: $267 million US dollars worth of amphetamine. (other source with pictures in comments)
Japan says it's not decided on whaling in Southern Ocean next year - Tokyo deeply disappointed UN declared its whaling a commercial activity disguised as science. Has filed US court briefs saying it intends to hunt whales 2015-16 with new research program.
U.S. Troops May be Sent to Eastern Europe
Ukraine to fight pro-Russia forces
The UK, Poland, and Sweden have proposed sending an EU police mission to Ukraine to build up its law enforcement bodies
Nigeria: Boko Haram kills at least 60 in new atrocity
President of Ukraine Turchynov offers to hold referendum on status of Ukraine
Journalists who broke NSA story in Guardian, accept, dedicate their George Polk award to Edward Snowden
1 Ukraine officer killed and 4 others injured as Ukraine begins Anti-Terrorist operations in East Ukraine
Obama Lets N.S.A. Exploit Some Internet Flaws, Officials Say
Women who have sex before marriage should be hanged, says senior politician in India's Socialist Party
Canadian mail service to scrap all home deliveries - Older residents angered over cost-cutting decision by Canada Post to make first G20 country without door-to-door service
If China invaded the Japan-held Senkaku Islands, U.S. Marines in the Pacific would swiftly recapture them, the commander of marines deployed in Japan assured.
Major Climate Change Report: averting catastrophe is affordable - Landmark UN analysis concludes catastrophic climate change can be averted without sacrificing living standards. Dismisses fears that slashing carbon emissions would wreck the world economy.
Ukraine open discussion thread (Sticky post #8)
Risk of 'gas war' grows as Ukraine halts payments to Russia
Japan orders slaughter of 112,000 chickens after H5 strain of bird flu detected
US corn exports to China drop 85 percent after ban on GMO strains  industry report
Mexico prepares 1st illegal drug financing blacklist. Mexico is preparing to implement new regulations that will allow the government to identify individuals and businesses linked to drug trafficking and ban financial firms from doing business with them.
Egyptian police 'using rape as a weapon' against dissident groups
Gerhard Schroeder has admitted that "like the situation in Crimea," the NATO attack on Serbia in 1999 was also a violation of international law.
Israel's seizure of EU-funded aid projects prompts compensation calls
South Korea And United States Hold Largest Ever Joint Air Drill
Eike Batista, who was Brazil's richest man for most of the past decade, is under investigation by securities industry watchdog CVM for allegedly engaging in insider trading while he chaired his now-bankrupt oil-producing and shipbuilding firms.
JPMorgan profits fall 19% as mortgage business fades
Second strong earthquake hits Solomon Islands
IDF officer dismissed for approving soldiers' anti-Arab T-shirts: Shirts featured the slogan 'Nablus, we are coming! and warned Arab mothers that their sons fates lay in Israeli soldiers hands.
Ukraine prepares armed response as city seized by pro-Russia forces
Ukraine crisis: Kramatorsk shooting reported
Just two months before Brazil is to host the World Cup soccer tournament in Rio de Janeiro and other cities, police officers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse thousands of families, squatting in a complex of abandoned commercial buildings.
Joe Biden to travel to Ukraine
Ukraine Links New Attacks in East to 'External Aggression' by Russia
CIA and White House under pressure after Senate torture report leaks.
Armed men dressed in camouflage clothing have seized a police station in eastern Ukraine, officials say.
UN to summon Kim Jong Un before international court; China says it will veto any action against its ally and may block the summoning.
Malaysian military withheld radar data on Flight MH370 as nations searched wrong area, sources say
Around 1,000 Christian and Hindu women in Pakistan are forcibly converted to Islam and married to Muslim men every year, says a report released by Movement for Solidarity and Peace (MSP) on Monday
For Crimea, Google Shows Different Borders Based on Your Location
BEIJING (Reuters)  The governor of Chinas restive far western region of Xinjiang wrote on Monday that Islamist militants were trying to ban laughter at weddings and crying at funerals, as he appealed to people to stamp out the tumor of extremism
Mexico Marches Against New Internet Censorship Laws
Russia aims to have permanent moon base up and running by 2040
Japanese railway operator to offer maglev tech to US for free- Nikkei Asian Review
Experimental Hepatitis Drug Cures 95% Patients in Clinical Trial: German Researchers | News Tonight Africa
UN voices "deep concerns" about Brunei implementing death by stoning for adultery, sodomy, extramarital sexual relations, insulting verses of the Quran and Hadith, blasphemy, declaring oneself a prophet or non-Muslim starting from 22nd of April
Russian oil firm says Asian buyers willing to use euros
Lithuania Dispatches Warship After Claiming Russian Disturbance
Workers in Samsung semiconductor plants who have developed cancer while working in dangerous conditions are fighting their former employerand their governmentfor compensation.
Spanish village called kill Jews mulls name change
Pope Assumes Responsibility for Priest Sex Abuse
IPCC report: world must urgently switch to clean sources of energy. Clean energy will have to at least treble in output and dominate world energy supplies by 2050 in order to avoid catastrophic climate change, a UN report is set to conclude on Sunday.
BBC News - US refuses visa for Iran's pick for UN Ambassador, due to his involvement in the 1979 U.S. Embassy Raid.
Ukraine commandos refuse to storm buildings
The National Security Agency flatly refuted a report that it has been aware for at least two years about the Heartbleed computer glitch, one of the most significant security flaws in Internet history. "Reports that say otherwise are wrong, a NSA spokesperson told TIME
Russia's Foreign Ministry is warning that Russians should refrain from traveling abroad because they could be entrapped by US secret services who are actively "hunting" for Russians to persecute in punishment for Moscow's recent annexation of Crimea.
Former Chief Economist of the BIS: "I see speculative bubbles like in 2007"
Israeli Hackers Strike Back at Anonymous OpIsrael, Expose Participants With Their Own Webcams
The IMF and World Bank on Friday urged finance ministers to impose a price on carbon, warning that time was running out for the planet to avoid worst-case climate change.
China Finds Nearly 2,000 Firms in Breach of Anti-pollution Rules - Ministry trying to improve enforcement by using real-time monitoring that'll give govt regulators direct access to data. To invest 40 billion yuan ($6.45 billion) to boost monitoring capacity.
Pastafarians rejoice as Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is granted permission to register as a religion in Poland
'Cherry tree from space' mystery baffles Japan
"State of Palestine" allowed to join Geneva Conventions
Drinking water in China's Lanzhou city unsafe to drink, say authorities - Water in city found to contain levels of benzene, a cancer-inducing chemical, at 20 times above safety levels
German Law professors demand cannabis legalization: Over 120 German professors of criminal law are supporting an initiative to legalize cannabis.
Moscow laying landmines in Ukraine: Kiev
Archbishop of South Africa and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Desmond Tutu is saying their is no longer any excuse for not doing everything humanly possible to fight climate change and called on Thursday for an international "anti-apartheid-style boycott" against the fossil fuel industry.
North Korean Defector talks about her struggle getting out of North Korea.
BBC News -Israel impose tax sanction against Palestinian Authority in retaliation for signing a number of international treaties
Massive 7.4 earthquake hits Papau New Guinea
Japan has asked for U.S. President Barack Obama to meet the families of Japanese nationals abducted by North Korean agents when he visits Japan in late April.
Law professors demand cannabis legalization. Over 120 German professors of criminal law are supporting an initiative to legalize cannabis. They have called on the Bundestag to discuss the issue. Merkel's coalition is skeptical.
BBC News - Russia TV stations air 'impostor' protester in two guises
President Vladimir Putin warned European leaders on Thursday Russia would cut natural gas supplies to Ukraine if it did not pay its bills and said this could lead to a reduction of onward deliveries to Europe.
NATO released satellite photographs on Thursday showing Russian military equipment, including fighter jets and tanks, that it described as part of a deployment of as many as 40,000 troops near the border with Ukraine.
Syrian rebels say that Obama admin pursues "a dark strategy aimed at prolonging the war" in Syria
Al-Jazeera trial dismissed as 'joke' - 3 Al-Jazeera journalists are on trial for terrorism in Egypt, prosecutors used video filmed by the defendants, including wildlife scenes and a news conference as evidence
U.N. Report Hints Russia and Its Allies Rigged Crimea's Secession Vote. Activists and critics of Crimea's secession were threatened, detained and tortured.
The US Department of Energy has blocked access for Russian scientists to its major physics research centers
Spain: A human-rights avenger no longer? -- Madrid is trying to end Spain's universal jurisdiction law, which proponents say has helped human rights victims find justice  but has also caused major diplomatic headaches.
Putin Says Further Violations by Ukraine Will Compel Russia to Cut Off Gas
Somalia in high speed internet 'culture shock'
Estimates of illegal and unreported fish in seafood imports to the USA - Between 20% and 32% of wild-caught seafood US imports are illegal
Thai Tanker Sinks, Spilling Oily Sludge - It was carrying 40 times the volume of spilled sludge, headed to shore to deliver it to oil recycling facilities. While spill appears small, escaped oil has already fouled coastal fishing areas &amp; mangrove forests.
Australia rules homeopathic remedies useless
Burger King Expands Into Crimea After McDonald's Exit
Satellite images show Russian military hardware and Spetznaz (special forces) massing at Ukrainian border
Uruguay Wants to Give Marijuana to Prisoners - A leading health official tells UN the country is interested in experimenting with medical marijuana to treat prisoners suffering from cocaine addiction.
MH370 Tragedy: Experts confirm pulse signals are from a black box. Air Chief Marshal (Rtd) Angus Houston, said Wednesday the experts... had confirmed that the 33.31 kHz signals were from the flight data recorder of a black box.
Last Minute Dash to Keep Big Oil from National Park  In 2007, for US$3.6 billion investment, Ecuador offered world chance to save 10% of all species on earth by keeping bio hot spot from oil. If enough signatures collected by April 12, voters can decide its fate instead of politicians.
UN piracy experts shot and killed in Somali airport
Netherlands Must Criminalize Downloading, EU Court Rules - It can no longer permit its citizens to freely download copyrighted movies &amp; music without paying. Court rules current system of a "piracy levy" to compensate rights-holders is unlawful.
5 banks sued for gold price manipulation
The biggest swarm of genetically modified mosquitoes ever has been set free in Brazil to combat infectious disease.
Portuguese galleon "Flor de la Mar", which is estimated to have billions of dollars in gold inside, is reported to be found in Indonesia
US troops may be sent to Eastern Europe
Americas overtake Africa as region with most murders: UN report finds nearly 40% of world's murders were committed in Americas in 2012
Russia claims NATO is concerned over an "imaginary threat" that Russia does not pose; the Russians counter-accused NATO of using the Ukraine crisis against Russia and also accused NATO of "Cold War mentality."
UN report details comprehensive country-by-country murder rates. Safest is Singapore, with just one killing per 480,000 people in 2012. In the worlds most violent country, Honduras, a man has a 1 in 9 chance of being murdered during his lifetime.
The second Category 5 cyclone to hit Far North Queensland, Australia in 3 years is less than 24hrs away from hitting land. Wish us well!
Britain wasted 600m of taxpayers' money on useless flu pills stockpiled by Government in case of pandemic - "[the drugs] are no better than paracetamol in relieving flu symptoms and are next to useless in preventing a pandemic."
Russian Duma calls for criminal prosecution of Gorbachev for the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Plane passengers refuse to put on seatbelts, halt deportation of Iranian man
Tamiflu: Millions wasted on bogus drug, claims major report
Russia takes Voice of America radio off air
Secret WW1 spy files have been made available online
Netanyahu Orders Israeli Ministers To Stop Meeting Palestinian Counterparts
Mexico overtakes Japan as No. 2 car exporter to US
Car bomb detonated outside Bank of Greece in Athens
Shark fin trade from Hong Kong to China drops almost 90 per cent in one year
Carbon Dioxide Levels Climb Into Uncharted Territory for Humans. The amount of carbon dioxide in the Earth's atmosphere has exceeded 402 parts per million (ppm) during the past two days of observations, which is higher than at any time in at least the past 800,000 years
German Chancellor Angela Merkel denied access to her own NSA file
Edward Snowden: Whistleblower 'did complain to NSA' before leaking classified US Government documents
Iraq ready to legalise childhood marriage
Ukraine vows to use force if pro-Russian protesters dont leave occupied buildings
Kim re-elected as North Korean leader
Turkey reports Russian missile systems radar-locked on its F-16s near Syrian border
Voters in South Africa told "those who receive social welfare grants but vote for opposition political parties are stealing from government"
Ukraine's Jews dismiss claims of antisemitism, say Kiev is not in the hands of Neo-Nazis
Kerry focuses blame on Israel for collapse of talks - "The prisoners were not released by Israel on the day they were supposed to be released and then another day passed and another day, and then 700 units were approved in Jerusalem and then poof  that was sort of the moment, Kerry said
Syrian insurgents reveal they are using US-made anti-tank missiles. TOWs are likely acquired from regional supporters of the opposition, either Saudi Arabia or Turkey.
Pharaonic seal found in ancient coffin in Israel: Israeli archaeologists unveiled on Wednesday a 3,300-year-old coffin containing a signet ring bearing the name of an Egyptian pharaoh among the remains of what they believe was a local nobleman.
60 People Taken Hostage In Ukraine's East
Dutch priest who refused to leave Syria assassinated at his monastery
"Tensions between China and the United States were on full display on Tuesday [8 April 2014] as Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel faced questions in Beijing about America's position in bitter territorial disputes with regional U.S. allies."
US accuses Russia of sending spies into eastern Ukraine to 'create chaos'
WHO says Ebola outbreak in West Africa one of "most challenging"
Italy has rescued 4,000 migrants from boats trying to reach European shores in the past 48 hours in a deepening immigration crisis
'I Will Tear His Head Off': How the Italian Mafia Is Infiltrating Germany - A trial currently underway in Cologne showcases the extent of the Italian Mob's infiltration of German society and the construction business. Critics claim authorities have been far too lax in cracking down on Mafia activity
3rd confirmed North Korean drone found, this time in Samcheok, a town 130 kilometers away from the Border. Drone was found by a herb harvester, who kept his findings to himself until the 2 drones were originally found. North Korea, however, denies involvement.
India's Mars mission crosses half the distance
Crimeans Made Homeless by Annexation Seek Solace in Kiev Asylums
Catalonia independence vote rejected by Spanish MPs
Nordic countries condemn Russia
Swedes to give six-hour workday a go: Municipal staff in Gothenburg will act as guinea pigs in a proposed push for six-hour workdays with full pay, with hopes that it will cut down on sick leave, boost efficiency, and ultimately save Sweden money.
School in Canada makes non-vaccinated students stay home to halt the spread of measles
Ukraine Turmoil Leaves Zoo Animals Starving  Over 6,000 in dire straits. 114-yr-old Nikolaev Zoo survived 2 world wars, but likely not this. Only enough left for carnivores to eat today &amp; tomorrow. Herbivores will last 1 more week. No medical supplies.
A man with total amnesia has turned up in Norway. He speaks 4 languages, including Russian, and calls himself John Smith.
"No legal means exist to challenge mass surveillance", says NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden
Plane Search Shows World's Oceans Are Full of Trash
Leading environmental scientists say Australia's Tony Abbott has engineered, in less than one year in office, and "environmental train wreck," that could potentially cause irreversible damage to some of the world's most fragile ecosystems.
Philippine top court approves birth control law: "The Philippines highest court approved Tuesday a birth control law that supporters said would transform the lives of millions of poor Filipinos, in a stunning defeat for the powerful Catholic Church."
Quebec has voted the separatist Parti Quebecois out of office. A new majority government will be formed by the Liberal Party.
South Korea, U.S., Japan issue joint warning to North Korea, "If North Korea goes ahead with another nuclear test, we, along with the international community, will make it pay the price for that"
Japan's Biggest Drugmaker Is Hit With $6 Billion Penalty For Concealing Cancer Risks
Edward Snowdens Testimony to European Parliament on NSA [Full Transcript]
Overwhelmed by crime, Argentina declares emergency in Buenos Aires
EU top court rules EU data retention law invalid
Edward Snowden: US government spied on human rights workers
Liechtenstein bank chief shot dead
Ukraine has launched an "anti-terrorist" operation in the eastern city of Kharkiv and about 70 "separatists" have been arrested for seizing the regional administration building
Ebola still spreading, World Health Organisation expects outbreak to last 2-4 months
Anti-semitism on the rise in Europe- Hungarian far-right anti-semitic party wins 20% of the votes
BBC News - Ukraine crisis: Violent brawl at Kiev parliament
EU, Russia, Ukraine and US will hold joint talks in next 10 days, as EU diplomat blames "Russian lobby" for lack of action in Europe
Polish MP is living in London on 100 a week budget to see why so many Poles prefer Britain to their homeland
Tasmanian Forests Set for Logging as Govt Pushes Ahead to Repeal Protection - State plans to tear up historic deal between industry &amp; greens protecting 400,000 hectares of forest, some pristine.
China has surpassed the USA in porn consumption.
Ukraine fears 'Crimea scenario' in east
India losing 70% voice and call centre business to Philippines
Norway refuses holiday visa to Russian TV's Dmitry Kiselyov, the anchor who recently said Russia was the only country that could reduce US to radioactive rubble
French organic winegrower fined for refusing to spray grapes with pesticide "Giboulot refused to comply with the official instructions on crop spraying on the ground that the insecticide caused collateral damage among pollinating insects, including bees."
Syria's Assad says political Islam project has failed  there should be no mixing between political and religious work
UK: Gay conversion therapy should have no place in NHS, says health minister.
Artists install massive poster of childs face in Pakistan field to shame drone operators
Dmitry Medvedev: If the Americans like to eat GMO products, let them eat it then. We dont need to do that; we have enough space and opportunities to produce organic food, he said.
Serious Ebola Outbreak in West Africa, Rumored to be Airborne.
North Korea issues warning, "If a U.S. missile or the South Korean puppet forces' missile falls on any part of the DPRK (North Korea), it will pound all the strongholds of the enemy with merciless shower of missiles to reduce them to ashes"
Italian diplomat arrested for child trafficking
Russian Soldier Kills Ukrainian Naval Officer in Crimea, Ukraine's Defence Ministry Says.
Pro-Russian separatists declare east Ukrainian region independent
Russia regrets NASA halting cooperation, warns of impact on ISS
Russian Court Declares Ban on LGBT Rights Protests Illegal...Appeal to Follow
Ukraine says Putin behind protesters' seizure of state buildings
Snowden to Receive Truth-Telling Prize
Siberia's biggest city turns Red as Communists win mayoral election
FIFA turns down U.S. request to ban Russia from hosting the 2018 World Cup
Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered a crackdown on "destructive" non-government organisations, saying such groups were behind the mass protests that brought down Ukraine's government.
Legislature of just proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic asks Putin move in peacekeepers
Nigeria becomes Africa's biggest economy
Rwanda on Sunday told France to face up to the "difficult truth" of its role in the 1994 genocide, amid a major diplomatic spat on the eve of commemorations marking the 20th anniversary of the killings.
China Warns US To Stay Out Of Hong Kong Over Democratic Reform
Merkel ally says U.S. assurances on NSA spying 'insufficient'
India to kick off world's biggest election on Monday
EU "unhappy" with Australia's decision to drop climate change from the G20 agenda
Drone killings case thrown out in US - A US federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed against the government by the families of three American citizens killed by drones in Yemen, saying senior officials cannot be held personally responsible for money damages for the act of conducting war.
Australian public servants will be urged to dob in colleagues posting political criticism of the Abbott government on social media, even if the comments are anonymous, under new Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet guidelines
North Korea wants our television: Under Kim Jong-un, TV is pretty grim. But now the Supreme Leader is considering sampling the delights of Top Gear, Tinky Winky and Doctor Who
BBC: Pro-Russians storm government office in Donetsk, East Ukraine
World's Oldest Decimal Times Table Found in China: The newly deciphered multiplication table, written on bamboo strips dated to 310 B.C., was more sophisticated than earlier versions.
Uganda police raid HIV project for 'homosexuality training'
109 killed during Afghan elections
A Recovering US Is Outpacing Other Major Economies : NPR
Ebola virus in Guinea most aggressive, near totally fatal
Israeli forces demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem
US Response to Crimea Worries Japan's Leaders
Finns have concerns over Russian nuclear power plant
Israel warns Palestine of unilateral action: Prime Minister Netanyahu says Israel will take action against the Palestinians, if they press ahead with statehood.
Massive corruption at Ukraine's Naftogaz funnelled through western banks
Ebola clinic in Guinea evacuated after attack
The science spacecraft launched from Virginias coast last year has been orbiting the moon for months and is about to conclude its mission with a crash into the lunar surface.
Afghanistan presidential election hit by unexpected problem  too many voters.
Former ABN Banker, Wife, Daughter Found Dead at Home
In Yemen "Pentagons armed drones have stopped flying, a result of the ban on American military drone strikes imposed by the government there after a number of botched operations"
Far-right youth movement seeks 'Europe of Fatherlands'
A rare Ming-era Chinese wine cup, one of only 19 known to exist, could fetch a record US$38 million or more when it goes under the hammer in Hong Kong next week
MH370: Australia urged caution after Chinese ship detects pulse in Indian Ocean
Lech Wasa, former Poland president: Putin should be tried in The Hague
Russian annexation of Crimea alarms Georgia. Russia controls a fifth of Georgian territory following the 2008 conflict in Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
Japan cancels whaling hunt in Antarctic first time for 25 years
"The United States on Friday [4 April 2014] criticized proposals to build a European communication network to avoid emails and other data passing through the United States, warning that such rules could breach international trade laws."
China Wants To Close 1,725 Coal Mines By The End Of This Year as one aspect of an effort to get coal down to 65 percent of Chinas energy mix by the end of this year
MH370: Chinese search vessels discovers pulse signal in Indian Ocean
Afghan voters defy Taliban, cast their ballots for a new president, regional councils - As polls opened amid threats of violence and lingering memories of fraud, Afghan voters turned out on Saturday morning to choose a president who will lead them into the post-American era in Afghanistan
Christian couple in eastern Pakistan sentenced to death over 'blasphemous' text message
Germany Opens Hearings On NSA Spying, Want To Offer Safe Passage For Snowden To Come To Berlin
Bananageddon: Millions Face Hunger As Deadly Fungus Decimates Global Banana Crop -- "Disease spreads from Asia to Africa and may already have jumped to crucial plantations in Latin America"
Frances newly elected far-right mayors will re-instate school cafeteria menus featuring pork in the cities they govern, the National Front partys leader, Marine Le Pen, announced on Friday.
A volcano just south of Ecuador's capital Quito has erupted, creating a spectacular plume of ash, 10km (six miles) high.
Two drug tunnels, with rail systems, found at U.S.-Mexico border
North Korea tells world 'wait and see' on new nuclear test
Ukraine rejects Russia Gazprom gas price hike "Ukraine's interim prime minister said the price Russia was demanding was the highest in Europe (raised by 81% to $485.50), and that Ukraine was prepared to continue to buy at the previous rate of $268.50."
U.S. will not stand in way of Scottish independence: Salmond
Erdogan "Our national and moral values being disregarded" as Turkey Court lifts Twitter ban
Flooded Solomon Islands hit by 6.0 earthquake. (16 Confirmed deaths)
Declassified: Hours after a plane carrying the UN secretary general, Dag Hammarskjld, crashed over central Africa in September 1961, the US ambassador to Congo sent a cable to Washington claiming that the aircraft could have been shot down by a Belgian mercenary pilot.
Ukraine servicemen leave Crimea, 8,000 join Russia instead of going back
Japan quietly deploys destroyer in response to N. Korea's missile launch.
India successfully launches navigation satellite IRNSS-1B, closer to GPS alternative
North Korea says US 'hell-bent on regime change'
4,500 year-old path discovered near Galway Bay used by Celts
Putin Defies Obama in Syria as Arms Fuel Assad Resurgence
A Liberian bushmeat trapper who died of Ebola caught the virus despite living far away from the epicentre of the current epidemic in Guinea, raising fears of multiple concurrent outbreaks of the haemorrhagic fever.
Angry mob attacks Ebola treatment centre in Guinea
NASA detects ocean inside Saturn Moon, potential home for extraterrestrial microbes
McDonald's Closes Crimea Restaurants - Offers to relocate staff who wish to move to Ukraine.
Ukraine detains 12 riot police on suspicion of 'mass murder'
The White House confirms a US government aid agency was behind a text-message service that was allegedly designed to foment unrest in Cuba
On Sunday, Nigeria will overtake South Africa and become Africa's biggest economy.
Russia furious at Hitler comparison - The German finance minister's comparison of Crimea's takeover with the Nazi annexation of Sudetenland in 1938 has incensed Russia. German Chancellor Angela Merkel distanced herself from the statement.
CIA torture report: Dianne Feinstein called its findings "shocking" and the CIA's behavior "in stark contrast to our values as a nation"
Crimea: no more McDonald's or methadone after annexation: Russia's annexation of Crimea sees shutdown of fast food chain and discontinuation of methadone programme for drug users
U.S. Pushes Canada to Loosen Privacy Laws
North Korean drones are analyzed, they contained pictures of Seoul, military bases in Baekryong island, and the Presidential residence. South Korean military denied their origins in March 24th, when one of the drones were initially found.
Report: FIFA threatens to expel Israel over restrictions on Palestinians
Germany opens hearings on U.S. spying
Over 10,000 march in Montreal against austerity; pre-election protest was declared illegal as it began
Korea's Largest Broadcaster Bans Pop Group Song For Using A Japanese Word
South Korean Chaebol buying vast swathes of land in Canada to resurrect the extinct Mammoth
U.S. warns China not to attempt Crimea-style action in Asia
Japan's biggest online retailer, Rakuten, ends whale meat sales
Turkish court lifts YouTube ban
A Mongolian-flagged cargo ship has sunk off the southern coast of South Korea, with most of the 16 North Korean crew members on board missing, and two dead bodies recovered.
Apparently separate outbreak of Ebola discovered in Liberia; reports of infection spreading to Mali.
Canadian-born journalist Kathy Gannon wounded, AP photographer killed on assignment in Afghanistan | CTV News
Ocean discovered on Enceladus may be best place to look for alien life
US allegedly denies VISA to german activist for criticism of the TTIP free-trade agreement.
"China should not doubt the U.S. commitment to defend its Asian allies and the prospect of economic retaliation should also discourage Beijing from using force to pursue territorial claims in Asia in the way Russia has in Crimea, a senior U.S. official said on Thursday [3 April 2014]."
Cambridge University Press refuses to publish book on Putin and his 'cronies' because of libel fears
European Parliament passes strong net neutrality law, along with major roaming reforms
Australia's government is considering making it illegal to boycott a company for environmental reasons
EU votes net neutrality into law, abolishes mobile roaming charges "Blocking and throttling Internet traffic will become illegal in the European Union following a parliamentary vote on Thursday ... The package also abolishes roaming charges for mobile phone use in the EU."
Massive 7.8 earthquake (aftershock of yesterdays 8.2 quake) just hit 40km from Iquique, Chile. Damage and injuries are very likely to occur. [Live updates in article]
Norwegian skydiver almost hit by a meteorite (caught on tape)
US secretly created 'Cuban Twitter' to stir unrest and undermine government
US Food Aid Already Being Sold on Black Market Websites in Ukraine - US sent 300,000 food rations to the Ukrainian army, some of which are now going for a dollar a meal on the web.
NASA suspends collaboratation with Russia (except for ISS) over the situation in Ukraine
Russia signs economic development and trade deal with North Korea
North Korean intelligence official tells of aborted coups and assassination attempts: One of only a handful of North Korean intelligence officials ever to have escaped the country paints a dark portrait of plotting and factions in Pyongyang
Billionaire Ukrainian industrialist indicted in Chicago on bribery charges for "participating in an international racketeering conspiracy involving at least $18.5 million in bribes to government officials in India to allow the mining of titanium minerals"
1/4 of Europe's Bumblebees, Vital to Crops, Face Extinction
NATO's Europe plans alarm Russia.
Majority of Russians and Americans View Each Other's Country Negatively, Polls Show
Syria says Russia re-establishing multipolar world
Switzerland snubs U.S. effort to sanction Russian billionaires
Saudi Arabia labels atheists as terrorists
South Africa's government will distribute coloured and flavoured condoms among students to end "condom fatigue", the health minister has said.
Iran, Russia working to seal $20 bln oil-for-goods deal - sources
The FBI has completed of review of the in-home flight simulator that belonged to the captain of the missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet and found nothing suspicious whatsoever.
Despite having been given $50 million in aid by Russia back in 2009, in retaliation for Russia taking over Crimea, the tiny Pacific microstate of Tuvalu scrapped its recognition of the Russian protectorates of South Ossetia and Abkhazia and established diplomatic relations with Georgia.
South Korea investigates two suspected North Korean drones, containing a camera which has aerial pictures of Seoul and military bases along the west of the border
Mexico's government has taken down almost the entire leadership of one of the country's most vicious drug cartels, but it can barely savor victory amid rising violence around the capital
Armed men abduct Chinese, Philippine women from Malaysia resort: reports