Iran wins world record for most executions per capita; Tehran hanged at least 694 people between Jan. 1 and Sept. 15, the highest rate of executions in the Islamic Republic in some 25 years, according to a report by a U.N. human rights monitor
The seventh row of the periodic table is officially full
Coffee Just Got Cheaper - A global surplus of coffee is causing bean prices to bottom out
Another Hong Kong worker at anti-Beijing bookshop 'disappears
Switzerland signs deal to end international banking secrecy
Al-Qaeda affiliate group uses Donald Trumps anti-Muslim rant in recruitment video
Militants have attacked an Indian air force base near the country's border with Pakistan.
All BBC Websites went down after a major DDoS attack
Tel Aviv mayor: Shooting appears to be terrorist attack - 2 dead, 4 wounded
King Amenhotep III statue was found by chance during a raid on weapons and drugs traders.
Wind, solar power soaring in spite of bargain prices for fossil fuels
Saudi beheadings soar in 2015 under discretionary rulings: Saudi Arabia carried out at least 157 executions in 2015, with beheadings reaching their highest level in the kingdom in two decades, according to several advocacy groups that monitor the death penalty worldwide.
According to scientists, a storm the likes of which few have ever seen is about to raise north pole temperatures to as high as 40 degrees Fahrenheit
Over 800 cars set ablaze in France on New Year's Eve
Kim Jong Un warns: I'm ready for war. Also expressed a willingness to work toward reconciliation with South Korea
Nimr al-Nimr execution: Former Iraq PM al-Maliki says death will "topple Saudi regime"
Saudi Arabia says 47 executed on terror charges, including Shi'ite cleric
French academic defies Anne Frank Fund, publishes diaries online
Hand grenade attack kills two at Ethiopian university: police
Renowned Animal Trainer Caught On Film Beating Life of Pi Tiger
China Says It Is Building Its Second Aircraft Carrier
Two injured as man runs car into troops protecting mosque in southern France
Roundup: Russia takes restrictive measures against Ukraine, Turkey
Dubai's residents rally together and launch social media campaign to offer their homes as shelter to those displaced by the large hotel fire.
Contamination from Brazil mining spill spreads to ocean
Isis in Raqqa: Undercover activists do what they can to fight back against Islamists.Part citizen journalists, part resistance movement, members of Raqqa is Being Silently Slaughtered secretly document Isiss barbaric punishments and strict social regimes
A free-standing, waste-trapping floating dam could revolutionize ocean cleanup. In a few months a giant floating dam in the form of a 100 metre long barrier segment will be set up in the North Sea off the coast of The Netherlands. Its ambition: to cleanse the worlds oceans of plastic forever.
Today China begins its 2-child policy
Fire engulfs 63-story Dubai hotel near world's tallest building
Turkish politician jailed for almost three years after 'insulting president Erdogan on Twitter'
Munich police warn of terror threat - Ask people to avoid crowds
SpaceX's first reusable rocket is back in its hangar
ISIS are preparing for a final battle against the West over loss of key towns
Kabul bomb: Huge blast targets French restaurant popular with ex pats on New Year's Day in Afghanistan capital
Poachers using science papers to target newly discovered species - Journals begin withholding locations after warnings the data is helping smugglers drive lizards, snakes &amp; frogs to near-extinction
Russia starts delivery of S-300 missile systems to Iran
Dubai bought 20 jetpacks to battle skyscraper fires  but they won't arrive until 2016
Japanese research team earns right to name Element 113
Nepalese women trafficked to Syria and forced to work as maids: Unscrupulous agents lure women into conflict zones with promises of employment abroad only to leave them working long hours for little or no pay.
Britain's "Crosby flap" has developed into a national cringe over its royal honours system, which is being denounced as "borderline corrupt" cronyism that rewards friends and donors to the Conservative party.
Dubai New Year's fireworks will go on despite blaze: Official
Merkel thanks Germans for helping 1 million refugees."Thank you for the overwhelming and really moving wave of spontaneous helpfulness that we experienced this year"
China arrests 11 for deadly landslide, death toll now 12
Unearthing Roman 'nerve centre' in Spain - Archaeologists begin uncovering remains of what could be one of the most important Roman settlements in Spain, under town of Jimena de la Frontera. Drawings reveal some of the most significant &amp; virtually untouched Roman remains in the region.
China, the worlds biggest clean energy investor, plans to increase wind and solar power capacity by more than 21 percent next year as it works to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by cutting its reliance on coal
Pope: Now's the time to end indifference, 'false neutrality'
Russian President Vladimir Putin has endorsed a new security strategy, which points to NATO expansion as a threat to the country.
Kim Jong-un Talks of Reconciliation in New Years Speech
Terror bombing at Eilat hotel thwarted
Remains of over 4,500-yrs-old shepherd's hut found on Google Earth in South Wales Argus - A man was looking for signs of a WWI firing range when something else caught his eye. The landowner knew of the site but had been told it was of no importance.
Voice of the Caliphate radio broadcasts anti-Taliban propaganda in Afghanistan
Microsoft Corp said on Wednesday it will begin warning users of its Outlook.com email service when the company suspects that a government has been trying to hack into their accounts.
Greek Orthodox Church: Homosexuals are God's creation - the church doesn't reject people.
Vladmir Putin officially dissolves Roscosmos, the Russian Space Agency and will restructure it as a state-run corporation starting January 1, 2016.
Donald Trump could be refused entry to the UK after the Home Secretary Theresa May said she will ban people that are non-conducive to the public good. The petition to ban him has over half million signatures.
Saudi Arabia says its ready to meet any additional oil demand. We will satisfy the demand of our customers. We no longer limit production. If there is demand, we will respond. We have the capacity to respond to demand, Saudi oil minister said.
New Year fireworks and festivities have been cancelled in the Belgian capital, Brussels, because of terror alert.
New species of human may have shared our caves - &amp; beds Controversial bone discoveries suggest we even interbred with &amp; cannibalised these mystery hominins. This could overturn what it means to be human. If true, this would make the finds of truly global importance.
Egypt becomes second nation to shut down Facebook's free internet service
Polish government takes control of public media with new law. All current managers and supervisory board members fired with immediate effect.
From Jan 1, UK to stop financial aid to India - Times of India
The rise of antibiotic resistance is a global health crisis, and governments now recognize it as one of the greatest challenges for public health today."
US sued over donations for illegal Israeli settlements - Lawsuit targets US Treasury Department for allowing billions in tax-exempt donations to support Israel's landgrabs
Giant squid that swam into Japanese bay guided back out to sea by diver - Toyama Bay dive shop owner joins 3.7-metre-long creature in the water, where it was lively, spurting ink and trying to entangle his tentacles around me
In Tanzania, a Horrific Fishing Tactic Destroys All Sea Life - It's the only country in Africa where fishermen widely use homemade bombs to increase their catch. 'Blast fishing' popular off the coast, where its been outlawed since 1970.
Paris Scales Back NYE Event Amid Terror Fears
Ramadi residents fleeing ISIS: 'They wanted to use us as human shields'
Israeli Gov't approves NIS 15-billion plan to invest in Arab municipalities
Russia denies 'absurd' claims that air strikes in Syria are killing hundreds of civilians
Web attack knocks BBC websites offline
Iran says any U.S. sanctions on missiles illegal
Maternity Benefits: Indian Government plans to allow new moms to work from home for two years
'Rat on a plane' forces Air India flight to turn back
Philippines to join China-backed AIIB infrastructure bank
ESPN invites five FIFA presidential candidates to TV debate
Hamas to keep Palestinians from ringing in New Year, says New Years Eve "contrary to our traditions and an imitation of the West.
Tech companies face criminal charges if they notify users of UK government spying
Mexican marijuana farmers see profits tumble as U.S. loosens laws.
A would-be suicide bomber and his wife have been found guilty of planning an attack in London to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the 7/7 atrocity.
The rich will get richer while two million more children slide into poverty, 2030 economic forecast suggests
The North Pole will have above freezing temperatures this Wednesday.
South Australia - New sexting laws to spare children from facing child pornography charges.
ISIS militants burn 20 media activists to death in Mosul
Italy fines Apple over misleading tax conduct
Body of notorious Mexican drug cartel founder dumped on highway with bullet holes
Morocco to deploy 100,000 armed officers to protect the country on New Year's Eve after ISIS threats
8 survivors found 5 days after Chinese mine collapsed
German states to spend around 17 billion euros on refugees in 2016
'Ramadi Is Liberated': Key Victory Over IS: The capture of Ramadi is the first major triumph for the Iraqi Army since it fled in the face of an assault by IS 18 months ago.
Cuba Vows to Keep Socialism 'Intact' Despite US Investment
Assassination of third Syrian journalist raises fears of Islamic State activity in Turkey - ABC News
Norway to turn back asylum seekers on Swedish border
Islamic State Suffers Double Blow As Ramadi Falls, Leaders Killed
Journalist reveals Erdoan imprisoned him for exposing Turkey's hand in the 'Syrian conflict'
Russian Moon base plan falls victim to budget cuts
Belgium, Netherlands to exchange territory  without a fight: almost two centuries after the 1843 border posts were set. And all with a smile on everyones face, even though Belgium will get only a tiny part around a lock that has been built to promote traffic between the two nations.
North Korea says top official Kim Yang-gon killed in car crash
Putin's Son-in-Law Boosted by $1.75 Bln Russian State Loan
An orgasm a day could cut prostate cancer risk
Germans claim Belgian nuclear reactors are "falling to bits"
UK Sperm Bank Doesn't Accept Donors with Dyslexia and Asperger's
Pentagon thwarts Obama's effort to close Guantanamo
Rare Footage of Giant Squid in Japan
Muslims tell ISIS they'd rather see Star Wars than fight in Syria
Syrian Journalist Who Documented ISIS Atrocities Is Killed in Turkey. His death came a day before he and his family were to fly to France, where they were seeking asylum
North Korea's second most-powerful man sent to work in mine for "ideological reeducation"
Austria Turns Away Hundreds of Migrants for Lying About Nationality
Saudi Grand Mufti calls ISIS part of the Israeli army
'What has war yielded, neither land nor heaven'- Indian PM Modi to Pakistan PM Sharif
Ancient arch attacked by ISIS to be rebuilt in London using world's largest 3D printer
Islamic State theologians have issued an extremely detailed ruling on when "owners" of women enslaved by the extremist group can have sex with them, in an apparent bid to curb what they called violations in the treatment of captured females.
A new type of basaltic rock has been discovered on the surface of the moon by the Chinese Jade Rabbit moon rover.
Belgians arrest 2 accused in New Year's terror plot
Germany gives green light to bicycle highways
"Chinese companies that helped fuel the global hoverboard craze are unraveling rapidly, after Western retailers like Amazon demanded new safety and legality standards earlier this month [December 2015]."
Five years in jail for men who 'emotionally bully' wives: New law will target bullies who control partners with 'coercive and controlling behaviour'
Iran Hands Over Stockpile of Enriched Uranium to Russia... to soon be allowed to "sell oil and operate in global financial markets"
Registrar Shuts Down All Pirate Bay Domain Names
The Irish Government has taken unprecedented action to deport a man it claims is Islamic State's "main recruiter" of extremists in the Republic.
Saudi Arabia to raise domestic petrol prices by 'up to 40%' as low oil price hits home
Saudi Arabia hikes petrol prices by 40% at the pump
World Health Organization declares Guinea Ebola-free after more than 2,500 deaths
Hacker group Anonymous is helping the 'Making a Murderer' convict and says it'll release critical new documents
Russia 'has removed uranium from Iran'
China threatens to shoot down Australian aircraft.
Israel warns Brazil to accept its settler ambassador
Germany recruits 8,500 teachers to teach German to 196,000 child refugees
Almost 23,000 people have signed an Italian porn star's petition for sex education to be taught in Italian schools.
Japan apologizes to Korea over sexual enslavement of Korean "comfort women"
Milan and Rome ban cars as pollution rises. Milan is banning cars, motorcycles and scooters for six hours a day over the next three days. In Rome, cars with odd-numbered plates have been banned for nine hours on Monday. On Tuesday, cars with even-numbered plates will be restricted.
Saudi posts record $98 bn deficit in 2015
The United States, Russia, Iran, and Saudi Arabia are at odds over which Syrian fighters they'll be able to shoot as terrorists  and which will be labeled moderates.
Vladimir Putin has achieved his central goal of stabilizing the Assad government and, with the costs relatively low, could sustain military operations at this level for years, U.S. officials and military analysts say.
Noted Syrian journalist who uncovered ISIS Aleppo atrocities murdered in Turkey
Criminal gangs are contaminating democracy in Mexico by funding political campaigns and even buying public debt to launder their dirty money
ISIS leader threatens to strike Israel
Schools do not have to teach non-religious world views and should let students know Britain is "in the main Christian", the Government has said.
Iraqi army declares first major victory over Islamic State in Ramadi
Syrian journalist &amp; filmmaker who exposed ISIS Aleppo atrocities assassinated in Turkey
Train carrying 200,000 litres (44,000 gallons) of sulphuric acid derails in Australia
Stoner Sloth was $500,000 well spent, insists firm behind PR disaster
Saudi Arabia Plans Subsidy Cuts as King Unveils 2016 Budget
Syria anti-ISIS documentary maker 'assassinated' in Turkey
Denmark wants Geneva Convention debate if Europe cannot curb refugee influx - Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen called on Monday for debate on possible changes to the Geneva Convention on the rights of refugees if Europe cannot soon curb an uncontrolled influx of asylum seekers.
David Cameron is heckled during visit to flood-hit York as angry residents demand action to stop disaster happening again
British Army Is Deployed as Flooding Submerges Northern England
Brazils reluctance to accept an Israeli ambassador who is a West Bank settler has led to a standoff with Israel now warning it could downgrade diplomatic relations.
Russian GDP down 4.0 percent year-on-year in November: Economy Ministry
Syria and Iraq: Ethnic cleansing by Sunni and Shia jihadis is leading to a partition of the Middle East
Deadly car bomb explodes at Kabul airport
Experiment in Germany tests the idea of an 'emancipatory basic income'
Theresa May wants to see your internet history, so the independent thought it was only fair to ask for hers | UK Politics | News
Italy to fine smokers 300 for tossing cigarettes
China officially ends three-decade-old one child policy
Iran's Rouhani says it's up to Muslims to correct Islam's image
American weapons sales rose to $36.2 billion in 2014 from $26.7 billion the year before, bolstered by multibillion-dollar deals with Qatar, Saudi Arabia and South Korea. Those deals and others helped the United States control just over 50 percent of the market
Dutch city plans to pay all citizens a basic income, and Greens say it could work in the UK
Czech leader calls migrant wave in Europe an 'organised invasion'
ISIS loses key supply route to U.S.-backed rebel alliance (YPG/SDF)
Swiss bank tax evasion fines to US reach $1 bn
Japan teacher who paid for sex with 12,000 filipino women, some as young as 14, gets suspended sentence over child pornography pictures.
France has officially banned 'excessively thin' models from working and will send people who hire them to jail
Police in Vienna have stepped up security around the city after a warning to several European capitals about a possible attack between Christmas and new year
Serbia arrests 80 in anti-corruption sweep, including ex-minister
Guantnamo Bay lawyers call bluff on Obama's promise to close prison Obama blames Republican Congress for stalled efforts to make good on campaign promise, but detainees lawyers say fault lies within his administration
Israeli Defense Minister: Israeli Right Must Do Some Soul-searching Over Jewish Terror. The ongoing Duma case, in which a group of extremist Jews killed multiple members of the Palestinian Dawabsheh family, as well as a recent video of wedding celebration of right-wing extremists with rifles
Chinese mine owner kills himself as 17 miners remain trapped
Wrestling With God &amp; Taxes - In Iceland, a group find a way to game&amp; protestthe govt's "church tax." Opinion polls that show Icelanders are increasingly in favor of the separation of church &amp; state
UK Home Secretary defends controversial surveillance bill, says it will stop cyberbullies
Canadas marijuana industry lights up as legalization looms
John Beeden becomes first non-stop solo Pacific rower
Istanbul airport explosion: Kurdish militant group claims responsibility - and says more attacks are on the way
Iraqi forces 'enter Islamic State Ramadi stronghold'
An Islamic airline has begun operations in Malayasia. Rayani Air offers flights that adhere to Islamic rules. The idea for Rayani Air grew out of demands by conservative Muslims who believed that two major air disasters for the national Malaysia Airlines were caused by Allah's wrath.
Belgian College's Concerns Over Paris Attacker Were Ignored By Education Authorities to Whom They Were Reported
Prince Charles can legally set off nukes: UK study
Anonymous takes credit for massive cyberattack on Turkey. "The attack left more than 400,000 websites down in Turkey". The government eventually had to cut off all foreign Internet traffic coming to .tr websites, the domain for Turkey, to mitigate the assault
U.S. Pours Millions Into Fighting Poachers in South Africa - The Obama administration is stepping up efforts here to combat wildlife poaching, an expanding criminal enterprise in South Africa that has driven several animal species toward extinction and fueled the growth of international gangs.
Breakaway Muslim rebels kill nine people in southern Philippines on Christmas eve
ISIS allows taking organs from a living captive to save a Muslim's life
Scientists have developed a new reusable polymer that can remove pollutants from flowing water within seconds, just like air fresheners trap invisible air pollutants in the home and remove unwanted odours.
Chile is carrying out a feasibility study for the construction of a permanent pier at one of its bases in Antarctica. The move, being explored by the Ministry of Public Works, would facilitate access to the far-flung area for both scientists and tourists.
The IMF has taken Russia's side and recognized Ukraine's debt as sovereign, meaning Kiev would have to declare default if unable to pay.
French Protesters ransack Muslim prayer hall
Putin steps up military presence in Arctic in claim for region's oil
Japan says armed Chinese vessel enters Japan waters
Rome plagued by starlings
China 'expels' French journalist over Uighur article
Iran shocked by high casualty rate, pulling elite forces out of Syria
Russian Intelligence Spots, Destroys Oil Tankers on Iraq-Turkey Border
Record number of gold coins found in 2,000-yr-old Chinese tomb
Bangladesh signs $12.65 billion deal with Russia for nuclear power plants
Turkish Internet servers are suffering a powerful cyber attack, slowing banking services and fanning fears that it could be a politically motivated attack from abroad
Iran calls on China to step up contribution to anti-Daesh fight
Earthquake shakes Islamabad, Peshawar measuring 6.9 on richter scale
'German emissions scandal threatens to engulf Mercedes, BMW'..."Amidst this new scrutiny, the German government is maintaining a stony silence. In response to a DW request, the Transport Ministry did not offer any other explanation for the test discrepancies."
Journalists to be tried for 'insulting Erdoan'
Islamic State conflict: Iraqi forces push deeper into Ramadi
Russian Orthodox church sacks ultra-conservative senior priest: Father Vsevolod Chaplin, who recently referred to Russian intervention in Syria as a holy war, relieved of his duties
Germany's foreign minister says Europe needs to regain control of its borders
UK flood warnings: Homes evacuated amid heavy rain
China's moon rover is alive and analyzing moon rocks
Report: All Major Oil Companies Knew of Climate Change by 1970s
Russia warming '2.5 times quicker' than global average
Indian doctor from Bangalore designs less than 1$ device to give patients their lost voice back
Shin Bet: Jewish extremists seek to overthrow Israel's gov't and crown a king
Saudis to return 3 Indian workers who filmed their employer's brutal treatment
First Indian Prime Minister to visit Pakistan today after a gap of over 11 years
Tea containing cocaine accidentally being sold in Italian shops
Turkish Internet servers reeling under huge cyber attack
French immigration to Israel at all-time high
Russia Asks Erdogan to Keep Promise of Resignation
The governor of the Central Bank of Trinidad and Tobago has been fired after releasing the names of companies that have bought one-third of the foreign exchange sold in the last three years
U.S. held secret communications with Syrian government; explored ways to encourage a military coup in 2011
Somali Minister: No Ban on Christmas, New Year's Parties
Indian and Russian leaders signed defence, energy and other deals.
Tajikistan bans Christmas and New Year Celebrations
Dozens Reported Dead in Nigeria Gas Plant Explosion
Visa and MasterCard block Russian banks under US sanctions
Six civilians wounded in cultural center bombing in Turkeys southeast
Iraqi forces to retake Mosul from Islamic State after Ramadi secured: PM
The US just bombed the taliban
Chinese Rover Yutu Finds New Type of Lunar Basalt
MSF refuses U.S. apology, demands investigation after 'shocking' attack on Afghan hospital
Pope Francis in his Christmas homily denounces materialism
Serbia rejects US idea for Kosovo's UN membership
Brazil declares emergency after 2,400 babies are born with brain damage, possibly due to mosquito-borne virus "This is an unprecedented situation, unprecedented in world scientific research," Brazil's health ministry said in a statement on its website
Scientists find big 1500-yr-old Viking settlement under new airport site - Midden, or garbage, materials of this age have never been found before in Norway. What's emerging is a rare look at a culture that's long gone, along with the lost coastline that once nourished it.
Paris attacks: Belgian police arrest ninth suspect
Wiretapping reveals communication between Turkish officers and Islamic State
Russia airstrikes: Hundreds of Syrian civilans killed
Pakistan changes neutral position on Syrian Civil War; now against any attempt to remove Assaad
North Korean diplomat arrested in South Africa, expelled over rhino horn trade
German teachers want 'Mein Kampf' on syllabus
North Korea slave force earns Kim Jong Un regime $300M
50,000 Yemeni Forces Preparing to Attack Saudi Arabia, a Military Source Says
Irish government rules out fracking in the Republic of Ireland
Americans in Beijing warned of terrorism threat; parts of city locked down
Shin Bet arrests Nazareth area cousins, ISIS operatives who planned attacks in Israel
Baghdad holds Christmas celebrations out of respect for Iraq's persecuted Christian community: Fireworks will illuminate the Tigris river every night of the week and a 25-metre Christmas tree has been set up in Zawraa public park.
French cabinet backs plans to embed emergency anti-terror laws in constitution: The French government has outlined proposals for constitutional amendments which would shield state-of-emergency measures from legal challenges. Some French nationals could be stripped of their nationality
Report on sexual exploitation and abuse by peacekeepers and United Nations staff of the very people they are meant to be protecting.
Baby girl dies after X-president's son's staff denies entry to hospital - Pakistan
China smog sparks red alerts in 10 cities
US planned East Berlin's 'systematic destruction': The US Air Force planned to drop 91 atomic bombs in and around East Berlin in the event of the Cold War turning hot, documents released on Wednesday showed.
Qatar World Cup 2022 workers 'earning as little as $1.50 per hour'
Thai Court Sentences Two to Death for Killings of British Backpackers
Germany Pays to Halt Danish Wind Power to Protect Own Output - Germanys wind farms are now producing so much electricity one of its grid managers is paying generators in neighboring Denmark to shut down to keep its network from overloading
Egypts President Sisi Urges Islamic Scholars to Send Christmas Greetings, Calls for Reform in Islamic Discourse
Russia Rejects Amnesty Internationals Report on Syria Raids, Calls total lies
Cameron, Osborne and Murdoch back together at mogul's Christmas knees-up: Party at magnate's London flat saw half the Tory cabinet and Rebekah Brooks in attendance and marks Rupert Murdoch's return to the centre of political power
New law in India would try teens as adults for rape, murder
Colombia legalizes medical marijuana
Anonymous has declared cyber-war on Turkey: ''Turkey is supporting Daesh [ISIS] by buying oil from them, and hospitalizing their fighters. We wont accept that Erdoan, the leader of Turkey, will help [ISIS] any longer,
Research reveals five major banks, JP Morgan, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank, Nomura and Morgan Stanley, paid no UK corporation tax in 2014
Terror attack foiled in French region of Orleans
New Zealand Judge rules Kim Dotcom can be extradited to US
German court ruling: you can force your ex lover to destroy your naked photos
The Pirate Bay Co-Founder Makes Kopimashin Music Piracy Device,Device creates $10m daily music loss
Kenya: Muslim Women gave hijabs to Christians as Muslim men confronted gunmen, witness says
More Than Exxon: Big Oil Companies for Years Shared Damning Climate Research - New investigative reporting exposes a task force headed by the American Petroleum Institute also knew about global warming since the 1970's
North Korea Blasts Canada for 'Daring to Pick a Quarrel' Over Life Sentence of Pastor
Africa: Zambia pardons singer who raped 14 year old - makes him ambassador against sexual violence
Jordan rejects Hamas leader's request to visit, calling him 'unwelcome' in the kingdom
US Intercepts Cyanide-Laced Chinese Pharmaceuticals - FDA
Russian bombing kills 70 Civilians on Sunday.
Air pollution in India now worse than China
Saudi Arabia 'jails reformist writer Zuhair Kutbi'--A Saudi writer who has called for political reform is reported to have been sentenced to four years in prison.
Ginger extremist who fantasized about killing Prince Charles so Harry could be king detained indefinitely
Germany withdraws Patriot missile defense systems from Turkey
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill letting Federal Security Service (FSB) officers shoot at crowds, as well as at women and children under certain conditions.
Hamas leader expelled from Turkey
Twenty-three companies fined for causing forest fires leading to Indonesia haze: Twenty-three companies have been fined or had licenses revoked after causing forest fires that spread thick haze across Southeast Asia. The Indonesian government said it was still investigating scores of other firms
Miss Iraq pageant held for first time in 43 years
Sex tape row: German court orders man to destroy naked images
Brazilian president rejects settler leader as Israeli envoy
SpaceXs Falcon 9 rocket successfully lands upright.
Drunk people account for 70% of weekend emergency room visits in UK city
New ruling means US big game hunters won't be able to bring home African lion parts as trophies
Zimbabwe to make Chinese yuan legal currency after Beijing cancels debts.
Qatar Rejects 7,000 workers have died on 2022 tournament projects despite trade union allegations of modern slavery
ISIS beheads ten of its own militants for escaping battlefield in Mosul
Six U.S. troops killed outside U.S. airbase by suicide bomber on a motorcycle
ISIL Leaders Mobile Phone Shows Turkeys Support
Researchers Solve Juniper Backdoor Mystery; Signs Point to NSA
Greece Parliament votes and approves recognition of Palestine as a state
'Almost too late': fears of global superbug crisis in wake of antibiotic misuse
In leaked tape, ex-Argentine FM says Iran bombed Jewish center
Bacteria that resist the antibiotic of last resort - colistin - have been discovered in the UK.
Islamic State chief Baghdadi claims he's global leader of Muslims; Pakistan's Taliban says no
Ford, Google to build self-driving cars together
Japan to install anti-aircraft and anti-ship missile batteries on 200 islands in East China Sea to check Beijing's influence
One of World's Largest Coal Ports Approved for Great Barrier Reef area
Sky switches on 'porn filter' by default. Broadband giant Sky will block "adult content" by default for all new customers, the company has announced.
Apple warns UK surveillance bill would 'spark serious international conflicts'
Hungary accuses Austria of 'stupidity' in refugee crisis
Iraqi army to start attack on ISIS-held Ramadi city in coming hours: Commander
Toshiba cuts 7,800 jobs following accounting scandal
Paris attacks suspect 'got past three police checks'
A Syrian artist who was accused of being an opposition activist and tortured in a detention centre has drawn pictures of his experiences - and described how he became numb to death, as dead bodies were piled up in the cell he shared with dozens of other naked prisoners.
Boko Haram Forces More Than 1 Million Kids Out of School
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa boss Michel Platini have been suspended for eight years from all football-related activities following an ethics investigation.
A group of Kenyan Muslims travelling on a bus ambushed by Islamist gunmen protected Christian passengers by refusing to be split into groups, according to eyewitnesses. The bus was travelling from the capital Nairobi to the town of Mandera.
African lions will be added to the endangered species list, activists say
Nigerian Army killed thousands of Shia Muslims &amp; burried them in mass graves
Stoner sloth anti-drug campaign gets reality check as medical experts walk away
Minority killings by IS 'should be recognised as genocide
Chinese censors ban North Korean music group over anti American lyrics
Venezuela frees Pepsi workers it arrested for not making enough Pepsi
Australian woman, known for her generosity, leaves an amazing legacy by donating her $4.3m fortune to the homeless in her will.
Russia says black box from warplane downed by Turkey unreadable
Juniper Warns Of Spying Code In Firewalls: "Juniper, a major manufacturer of networking equipment, said on Thursday [17 December 2015] it found spying code planted in certain models of its firewalls, an alarming discovery that echoes of state-sponsored tampering."
China names and shames five badly behaving tourists
Greece to recognize Palestinian state
New 'super condom' will fight HIV and increase sexual pleasure, scientists claim
Landslide of construction debris and earth destroys 33 buildings in China, 59 people missing
Spain's ruling conservatives win election, fall short of majority
Check travellers IDs or be fined, Sweden warns - Infrastructure Minister Anna Johansson has warned public transport companies that failing to check traveller identities before they enter Sweden could result in fines of up to 50,000 kronor.
Joint Operations calls citizens to evacuate Ramadi within 72 hours - Iraqi News
Study reveals that the majority of Syrian rebels are sympathetic to ISIS
Pakistani Taliban calls Isis 'un-Islamic' - snubs Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is merely a local gang leader and not 'caliph'
Nature Index: Since 2012, China's total contribution in high-quality science has risen to become the second largest in the world, surpassed only by the United States.
Turkish offensive kills over 100 Kurdish fighters
An American woman was shot dead in her Kabul apartment building on Sunday night
Suspected Russian warplanes kill scores in Syrian city
Slovenia rejects same-sex marriage law by large margin
99% of Costa Rica's electricity came from renewable energy in 2015
India to make available all textbooks online, for free
Australia to provide $100,000 hepatitis C 'miracle' drug for $37.70 for general patients and $6.10 for concessional patients.
Secret Code Found in Junipers Firewalls Shows Risk of Government Backdoors
Over 110 ISIS militants killed in Iraq in Two Days
Toxic mud reaches Atlantic in Brazil's worst environmental disaster
Most smuggled ISIS oil goes to Turkey, sold at low prices  Norwegian report
Turkey kills 70 Kurdish militants, vowing to prevent 'chaos'
Beijing choked under a thick layer of toxic smog Saturday, after the Chinese capital issued its second-ever red alert and put its emergency response plan into action.
China accuses U.S. of serious military provocation
Lebanese Hezbollah leader killed in Israeli raid in Syria
Arrested Pune girl reveals Islamic State planning to attack India by 2020. The 16-year-old girl, who was arrested by the Anti-Terror Squad before she could join the Islamic State in Syria, has revealed that the terror group is planning to launch a massive assault on the Indian sub-continent by 2020.
Russia ready to increase military role in Syria, Putin says
US Airstrike Mistakenly Kills Iraqi Security Forces
State Dept. issues 'urgent' message to Americans about possible terror attack in Pakistan capital
Iran will export most of its enriched uranium to Russia in the coming days as it rushes to implement a nuclear deal and secure relief from international sanctions, Tehran's nuclear chief was quoted as saying on Saturday
Canadians expect transparency on TPP
Damascus Residents Build Gardens To Feed Themselves
Al-Jazeera blocks article slamming Saudi Arabian human rights record
Lord Janner dead: Former Labour peer found unfit to stand trial for child sex abuse dies aged 87
Red alert sounds in northern Israel
Turkey's Erdogan meets Hamas leader Meshaal in Istanbul: sources
Melbourne 'bomb scare prank' sparks outrage across Australia
Burundi rejects African peacekeeping force
Afghan official warns Helmand province may fall to Taliban; 90 members of the security forces killed over the past two days
Two countries had no idea they were in Saudi Arabia's Muslim coalition to fight terrorism
Europes oldest lake faces destruction to make way for tourists - Lake Ohrid is most biodiverse lake of its size in world, home to over 350 novel species &amp; a UNESCO World Heritage Site &amp; a Holy Grail for world's biologists. Its marsh is threatened to be destroyed with luxury apts.
UN: 177 countries vote in support of the right of Palestinians to self-determination
The Tokyo Olympics 2020 will cost the host organizing committee six times more than their original estimate: $14.85 billion
Lake Poopo, Bolivia's 2nd-largest lake has dried up
Nuclear leak at St Petersburg, Russia
UK: Richest one per cent 'have as much wealth as the poorest 57 per cent combined
Only 18 FGM (female genital mutilation protection) orders issued to protect UK girls since launch: Health professionals urged to be braver in applying initiative to safeguard thousands of children.
India is ready to fight ISIS only if UN adopts resolution to counter the jihadist extremists in the Middle Eastern countries.
Marine reserve habitat of world's rarest dolphin approved for oil exploration and seismic testing
UK government cuts solar subsidies by 64%
UN's Ban Ki-Moon accuses Israel of breeding Palestinian terror attacks
Tobacco company Philip Morris loses bid to challenge plain packaging laws in Australia--claimed breach of foreign investment protections that the Australian Government guaranteed in its trade deal with Hong Kong
UK weather: Daffodils bloom in December as London temperatures reach June average.
US airstrike may have inadvertently killed Iraqi soldiers
More than 103,000 children 'homeless at Christmas' in England
Briton stabbed to death by Canadian during 'bad trip' in Amazon spiritual ceremony
Isis bans 'corrupt' foreign television and calls satellite dishes the 'machinations of Satan'
Peruvian Women who were Forcibly Sterilized in a Scheme Unveiled in 1995, Might Finally see Punishment Handed Down to its Perpetrators
Biggest mystery in mathematics in limbo after cryptic meeting
Brutal torture and luxury trips of Libya's ruling family: Hannibal Gaddafi's iPad reveals how dictator's sons revelled in the regime's violence while treating their family to lavish holidays and shopping
Refugee crisis warnings to eastern EU nations from Germany, Austria. Eastern EU nations that refuse to accept refugees risk funding cuts and legal sanctions, according to two German cabinet ministers.
Israeli security forces thwarted another attempted ramming attack by a Palestinian motorist in the West Bank, the second within two hours on Saturday afternoon
Dutch Court: Shell to Be Held Accountable for Nigeria Oil Spills
Hamas seeking to orchestrate suicide bombings, PA says
Models must have doctor's note to prove they are not too thin, France rules
Canadian dollar tumbles to close below 72 cents US, the lowest in nearly 12 years
Russia takes Voice of America radio off air
Cuba and U.S. agree to resume commercial flights
Norway wants to give a mountain to Finland as an Independence Day present
Germany shuts down mosque over ISIS sponsoring &amp; recruiting
A Ukrainian Website Is Outing Russian Soldiers, and Moscow Wants Canada to Stop It
France votes for plain cigarette packaging from 2016
Shashi Tharoor: India MP's bill to decriminalise gay sex defeated in the lower house of the Parliament
Fossil found in China reveals that ancient species of mankind may have existed alongside us for far longer than was previously thought.
Ukraine Defaults on $3 Billion Bond to Russia
Biochip identifies cancerous cells, 'washes' blood clean of cancer in dialysis-style treatment
Australia wins international legal battle with Philip Morris over plain packaging
Kuwait Airways cancels New York-London route rather than letting Israelis fly
Isis: Former German militant claims group is planning co-ordinated terror attacks in Europe
Poland installs new NATO training centre head in the dead of night
Muslim family 'denied boarding' on flight to US from Gatwick
A Turkish government official says authorities at Istanbul's main airport have detained two people suspected of attempting to smuggle 148 blank European passports concealed in pizza-making equipment.
Closure of Kellingley pit brings deep coal mining to an end in Great Britain
Russian air strikes in Syria kill 34 civilians including '6 children and 11 women'
Russia takes Voice of America radio off air
A contingent of Canada's elite commandos were thrown into a day-long battle alongside Kurdish Peshmerga fighters as the Islamic State launched its biggest offensive in Iraq since western troops arrived in the region 18 months ago.
'Super-Earth' discovered only 14 light-years away
Jordan has begun deporting Sudanese asylum seekers
Beijing grinds to halt as second ever 'red alert' issued over severe smog | Four days of heavy pollution in Chinas capital means restrictions on vehicle use, school closures and bans on fireworks and outdoor barbecues
Turkey mistreated scores of migrants, says Amnesty
Researchers Who Uncovered VW Dieselgate Are Now Accusing Mercedes and BMW - The companies deny the allegations.
Martin Schkreli - Turing CEO who increased the price of Aids drug by 5000% - has been arrested
Saudi Arabia about to behead a teenage boy for attending a protest when he was 15
New Earth like planet spotted just 14 light years away: Wolf 1061c
Teen punches Spanish PM in face during a campaign appearance, breaks his glasses
Cancer is overwhelmingly a result of environmental factors and not largely down to bad luck, a study suggests.
Solar panel subsidy cuts branded 'huge and misguided: UK government has decided to cut subsidies to householders installing roof top solar panels by 65% just days after agreeing to move swiftly to a low-carbon energy future at the climate change conference in Paris
Putin says democratic elections must be the only path to replacing Assad
Google enlisted members of the US congress, whose election campaigns it had funded, to pressure the European Union to drop a 6bn antitrust case which threatens to decimate the US tech firms business in Europe.
US announces $1.8B arms sales for Taiwan
Brazil judge orders WhatsApp banned for 48 hours
Turkish MP who claimed sarin gas was delivered to Isis in Syria through Turkey faces treason charges
Iran violated a U.N. Security Council resolution in October by test-firing a missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead, a team of sanctions monitors said, leading to calls in the U.S. Congress on Tuesday for more sanctions on Tehran.
Putin pours fresh scorn on Turkey for downing Russian jet: "The Turks", Putin said, "decided to lick the Americans in a certain place".
Riot in Dutch town over plan for asylum-seeker centre
Peshmerga repulsing ISIS attacks for 15 hours now, on multiple fronts.
Unusual heatwave to rip through Aussie capitals.Temperatures were not normally seen until the height of summer, late January and early February.
4,000 'slave' child workers removed from cocoa plantations
Norwegians campaign to give Finland a mountain
A New Study Shows Humans Caused a Major Shift in Earth's Ecosystems 6,000 Years Ago.
Iran violated a U.N. Security Council resolution in October by test-firing a missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead, a team of sanctions monitors said, leading to calls in the U.S. Congress on Tuesday for more sanctions on Tehran.
Ukraine banned the Communist Party
China launches worlds most sensitive dark matter probe
Two Paris attack link suspects arrested in Austria refugee centre
Rules from Israeli Medical Association require that terrorists be treated the same as victims in the event of a terrorist attack
Putin: Russia did have people in Ukraine doing 'certain military tasks'
U.S. helping West African troops fight ISIS-linked Boko Haram
Denmark wants to seize jewelry and cash from refugees | "Now, the country is debating another and even more extreme step: The government is considering a law that would allow authorities to confiscate jewelry from refugees entering the country. The proposal is almost certain to pass parliament."
Russia takes Voice of America radio off air
Donald Trump loses Scottish windfarm appeal
North Korea sentences Canadian pastor to hard labor for life
Brazil downgraded to junk status by 2nd risk agency, with negative outlook for further downgrades.
No 'regime change' in Syria: After talks in Moscow, Kerry accepts Russian stance on Assad
A moderate Muslim group says that a Singapores Penal Code section, which covers actions done with deliberate intent to wound the religious or racial feelings of any person, curbs freedoms in Singapore and contradicts with secularism.
Members of Qatari Ruling Family Kidnapped in Iraq While Hunting
Report: Arctic temperatures hit record high
November was Earths warmest such month on record by a huge margin - 1.05 degrees Celsius, or about 1.9 degrees Fahrenheit, warmer than the 1951 to 1980 average. Its also the second month in a row that Earths temperature exceeded 1 degree Celsius above average.
Taliban Join Global Effort to Kill Off Polio in 2016
Hamas political leader: Stabbers are 'the most exalted, noblest of people'
Iran seizes more than 40,000 cars over womens veil offenses
Iran violated a U.N. Security Council resolution in October by test-firing a missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead, a team of sanctions monitors said, leading to calls in the U.S. Congress on Tuesday for more sanctions on Tehran.
After the Syrian Kurds failed to receive an invitation to the Syrian opposition conference in Riyadh, Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister has stated that Russia is against excluding the Kurds from the Syrian peace negotiations
Two teams of physicists working independently at the Large Hadron Collider at CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, reported on Tuesday that they had seen traces of what could be a new fundamental particle of nature.
Russia takes Voice of America radio off air
China is continuing to commandeer islands in the South China Sea
Two Palestinians on trial in Germany for targeting Israeli embassy
European teenagers face having to secure parental permission to join the likes of Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat before the age of 16, under new EU data protection proposals.
Global supermarkets selling shrimp peeled by slaves: "More than 2,000 trapped fishermen have been freed this year as a result of an ongoing Associated Press investigative series into slavery in the Thai seafood industry."
Hamas: Jerusalem car-ramming terrorist was a member.
Revealed: Rupert Murdoch and top News Corp bosses' meetings with government ministers
US Not Seeking 'Regime Change' in Syria, John Kerry Says After Meeting With Russian President
Germany: armored truck robbed by group using anti-tank rocket launcher and automatic weapons. Police still searching for suspects
Germany makes Facebook, Google, and Twitter remove hate speech within 24 hours
Peru is planning to sanction Kimberly-Clark for allegedly conspiring with a competitor to set prices for toilet paper and other products
Pope Francis is urging governments to consider granting a Holy Year amnesty to prisoners, find alternatives to incarceration and at the very least abolish the death penalty, in his annual peace message released Tuesday.
Just miles from the US border, Lexmark fires 90 long-term employees who asked for their pay to be increased by 6 pesos to 120 pesos ($7) a day.
IS Has Lost 40% Of Its Iraqi Territory
French teacher invented school attack
Putin signs law allowing Russia to overturn rulings of international rights courts
Pope refuses to wear bullet proof vest for Christmas speech amid ISIS threat...
Burundi: Help us, the world needs to know that a genocide is underway
Germany arrests Islamist preacher on charges of recruiting militants.
Decline in over 3/4 of UK butterfly species is 'final warning', says Chris Packham - Conservationist calls for urgent research into disappearance of British butterflies after survey reveals dramatic declines in common species over last 40 yrs
An increasing number of asylum seekers from Afghanistan, Iraq and Kosovo are returning to their countries, saying that they had expected better care and a shorter asylum process in Austria.
Never Mind $35, The World's Cheapest Oil Is Already Close to $20
The FBI has arrested a Maryland man who they say received about $9,000 from IS to carry out an attack in the US | Mohamed Elshinawy, 30, is being held on a number of charges.
Egypt must immediately release a 14-year-old boy who says he was sexually abused in detention by police using a wooden stick and bring his alleged torturers to justice, Amnesty International said.
Romanian lawmakers vote to ban medicine ads to stop self-diagnosis
29-year-old arrested and two are held over January Charlie Hebdo massacre
Shrimp sold by global supermarkets is peeled by slave labourers in Thailand
NZ confirms Silver Fern as flag referendum candidate
Teacher who allegedly made up ISIS knife attack in Paris 'could face prosecution'
Two unpublished investigations show that the United States has consistently overlooked killings and torture by Iraqi government-sponsored Shi'ite militias.
Saudi Arabia forms coalition of 34 Islamic countries to fight terrorism
China and Israel boost science research ties: The joint research will be conducted in the fields of brain sciences, nanotechnology, 3-D printing, biomedicine, renewable energy, computer sciences, the aging of the population, smart cities and more
UK Astronaut Tim Peake begins his landmark flight to the ISS
U.S. tech firms that don't adequately warn users in Europe how their information is going to be used could face fines in the billions of dollars under a new European privacy protection directive expected to be agreed upon on Tuesday.
There is no Nazi gold train, Polish scientists say: Scientists reject claim by amateur treasure hunters that a train laden with gold, jewels, weapons and stolen art is hidden in railway embankment.
Le Pen acquitted of inciting hatred
Maternal exposure to anti-depressant SSRIs linked to autism in children
Saudi Arabia elects up to 17 female councillors in historic election
Drug giant Reckitt Benckiser ordered to pull painkillers off Australian shelves after admitting products for specific types of pain were identical - but sold at double the price of its standard painkiller
Maltese ships owned by Turkish presidents son being implicated in ISIS oil trade
Fracking no longer viable, says UK government advisor
Deadly bomb rips through Pakistan market killing at least 20 people and wounding 40 others
Denmark passes law to seize jewelry from refugees to cover expenses
Merkel wants to 'drastically reduce' refugee arrivals in Germany
French far right Front Nationale 'routed' in key vote
The September stampede during the hajj in Saudi Arabia killed at least 2,411 pilgrims, a new Associated Press count shows, three times the number of deaths acknowledged by the kingdom three months later.
Car ramming attack in central Jerusalem. 4 people injured.
725,000 People Evacuated as Typhoon Slams Into Philippines
Gaza rocket lands in Israel
Tokyos drone squad will deploy 10-foot drones armed with nets to police the sky: Squad will patrol no-fly-zones and order unlawful operators to land their drones
Turkish troops start to leave Iraqi camp after Baghdad orders them out
President Yahya Jammeh has declared The Gambia an Islamic state
Turkey says its patience with Russia 'has a limit'
A judge in Mexico City has sentenced two men to 520 years in prison for the kidnap and murder of 13 young people at a bar in the city two years ago.
Crude falls below $35 per barrel for first time since 2009
Websites 'Stirring up Social Strife' to be Blocked Within 5 Days in Russia
About 30 dead after Argentinian border staff's bus crashes into ravine
France's National Front shut out of regional elections
Rare Forest Elephants Seen for the First Time in South Sudan - A recent camera trap survey also spied a wealth of other species thriving in remote forests despite the young country's civil unrest
AP: Global supermarkets selling shrimp peeled by slaves
Thousands (35000 estimated) march in support of Poland's new government.